<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
   <head>
      <title>Needleman Wunsch alignnment</title>
      <link rel="stylesheet"
            type="text/css"
            href="http://www.obdurodon.org/css/style.css"/>
      <style type="text/css">
                    td[data-match = "1"] {
                        background-color: palegreen;
                    }
                    td[data-match = "-1"] {
                        background-color: pink;
                    }</style>
   </head>
   <body>
      <h1>Needleman Wunsch alignment</h1>
      <h2>Input</h2>
      <ul>
         <li>
            <strong>Left: </strong>WHEN we look to the individuals of the same variety or sub-variety of our older cultivated
        plants and animals, one of the first points which strikes us, is, that they generally differ
        much more from each other, than do the individuals of any one species or variety in a state
        of nature. When we reflect on the vast diversity of the plants and animals which have been
        cultivated, and which have varied during all ages under the most different climates and
        treatment, I think we are driven to conclude that this greater variability is simply due to
        our domestic productions having been raised under conditions of life not so uniform as, and
        somewhat different from, those to which the parent-species have been exposed under nature.
        There is, also, I think, some probability in the view propounded by Andrew Knight, that this
        variability may be partly connected with excess of food. It seems pretty clear that organic
        beings must be exposed during several generations to the new conditions of life to cause any
        appreciable amount of variation; and that when the organisation has once begun to vary, it
        generally continues to vary for many generations. No case is on record of a variable being ceasing to be variable under cultivation. Our oldest
        cultivated plants, such as wheat, still often yield new varieties: our oldest domesticated
        animals are still capable of rapid improvement or modification. It has been disputed at what period of life the causes of variability, whatever they may be,
        generally act; whether during the early or late period of development of the embryo, or at
        the instant of conception. Geoffroy St. Hilaire's experiments show that unnatural treatment
        of the embryo causes monstrosities; and monstrosities cannot be separated by any clear line
        of distinction from mere variations. But I am strongly inclined to suspect that the most
        frequent cause of variability may be attributed to the male and female reproductive elements
        having been affected prior to the act of conception. Several reasons make me believe in
        this; but the chief one is the remarkable effect which confinement or cultivation has on the
        functions of the reproductive system; this system appearing to be far more susceptible than
        any other part of the organisation, to the action of any change in the conditions of life.
        Nothing is more easy than to tame an animal, and few things more difficult than to get it to
        breed freely under confinement, even in the many cases when the male and female unite. How
        many animals there are which will not breed, though living long under not very close
        confinement in their native country! This is generally attributed to vitiated instincts; but
        how many cultivated plants display the utmost vigour, and yet rarely or never seed! In some
        few such cases it has been found out that very trifling changes, such as a little more or
        less water at some particular period of growth, will determine whether or not the plant sets
        a seed. I cannot here enter on the copious details which I have collected on this curious
        subject; but to show how singular the laws are which determine the reproduction of animals
        under confinement, I may just mention that carnivorous animals, even from the tropics, breed
        in this country pretty freely under confinement, with the exception of the plantigrades or
        bear family; whereas, carnivorous birds, with the rarest exceptions, hardly ever lay fertile
        eggs. Many exotic plants have pollen utterly worthless, in the same exact condition as in
        the most sterile hybrids. When, on the one hand, we see domesticated animals and plants,
        though often weak and sickly, yet breeding quite freely under confinement; and when, on the
        other hand, we see individuals, though taken young from a state of nature, perfectly tamed,
        long-lived, and healthy (of which I could give numerous instances), yet having their
        reproductive system so seriously affected by unperceived causes as to fail in acting, we
        need not be surprised at this system, when it does act under confinement, acting not quite
        regularly, and producing offspring not perfectly like their parents or variable. Sterility has been said to be the bane of horticulture; but on this view we owe variability
        to the same cause which produces sterility; and variability is the source of all the
        choicest productions of the garden. I may add, that as some organisms will breed most freely
        under the most unnatural conditions (for instance, the rabbit and ferret kept in hutches),
        showing that their reproductive system has not been thus affected; so will some animals and
        plants withstand domestication or cultivation, and vary very slightly—perhaps hardly more
        than in a state of nature. A long list could easily be given of "sporting plants;" by this term gardeners mean a single
        bud or offset, which suddenly assumes a new and sometimes very different character from that
        of the rest of the plant. Such buds can be propagated by grafting, &amp;c., and sometimes by seed. These "sports" are
        extremely rare under nature, but far from rare under cultivation; and in this case we see
        that the treatment of the parent has affected a bud or offset, and not the ovules or pollen.
        But it is the opinion of most physiologists that there is no essential difference between a
        bud and an ovule in their earliest stages of formation; so that, in fact, "sports" support
        my view, that variability may be largely attributed to the ovules or pollen, or to both,
        having been affected by the treatment of the parent prior to the act of conception. These
        cases anyhow show that variation is not necessarily connected, as some authors have
        supposed, with the act of generation. Seedlings from the same fruit, and the young of the same litter, sometimes differ
        considerably from each other, though both the young and the parents, as Müller has remarked,
        have apparently been exposed to exactly the same conditions of life; and this shows how
        unimportant the direct effects of the conditions of life are in comparison with the laws of
        reproduction, and of growth, and of inheritance; for had the action of the conditions been
        direct, if any of the young had varied, all would probably have varied in the same manner.
        To judge how much, in the case of any variation, we should attribute to the direct action of
        heat, moisture, light, food, &amp;c., is most difficult: my impression is, that with animals
        such agencies have produced very little direct effect, though apparently more in the case of
        plants. Under this point of view, Mr. Buckman's recent experiments on plants seem extremely
        valuable. When all or nearly all the individuals exposed to certain conditions are affected
        in the same way, the change at first appears to be directly due to such conditions; but in
        some cases it can be shown that quite opposite conditions produce similar changes of
        structure. Nevertheless some slight amount of change may, I think, be attributed to the
        direct action of the conditions of life—as, in some cases, increased size from amount of
        food, colour from particular kinds of food and from light, and perhaps the thickness of fur
        from climate. Habit also has a decided influence, as in the period of flowering with plants when
        transported from one climate to another. In animals it has a more marked effect; for
        instance, I find in the domestic duck that the bones of the wing weigh less and the bones of
        the leg more, in proportion to the whole skeleton, than do the same bones in the wild-duck;
        and I presume that this change may be safely attributed to the domestic duck flying much
        less, and walking more, than its wild parent. The great and inherited development of the
        udders in cows and goats in countries where they are habitually milked, in comparison with
        the state of these organs in other countries, is another instance of the effect of use. Not
        a single domestic animal can be named which has not in some country drooping ears; and the
        view suggested by some authors, that the drooping is due to the disuse of the muscles of the
        ear, from the animals not being much alarmed by danger, seems probable. There are many laws regulating variation, some few of which can be dimly seen, and will be
        hereafter briefly mentioned. I will here only allude to what may be called correlation of
        growth. Any change in the embryo or larva will almost certainly entail changes in the mature
        animal. In monstrosities, the correlations between quite distinct parts are very curious;
        and many instances are given in Isidore Geoffroy St. Hilaire's great work on this subject.
        Breeders believe that long limbs are almost always accompanied by an elongated head. Some
        instances of correlation are quite whimsical: thus cats with blue eyes are invariably deaf;
        colour and constitutional peculiarities go together, of which many remarkable cases could be
        given amongst animals and plants. From the facts collected by Heusinger, it appears that
        white sheep and pigs are differently affected from coloured individuals by certain vegetable
        poisons. Hairless dogs have imperfect teeth; long-haired and coarse-haired animals are apt
        to have, as is asserted, long or many horns; pigeons with feathered feet have skin between
        their outer toes; pigeons with short beaks have small feet, and those with long beaks large
        feet. Hence, if man goes on selecting, and thus augmenting, any peculiarity, he will almost
        certainly unconsciously modify other parts of the structure, owing to the mysterious laws of
        the correlation of growth. The result of the various, quite unknown, or dimly seen laws of variation is infinitely
        complex and diversified. It is well worth while carefully to study the several treatises
        published on some of our old cultivated plants, as on the hyacinth, potato, even the dahlia,
        &amp;c.; and it is really surprising to note the endless points in structure and
        constitution in which the varieties and sub-varieties differ slightly from each other. The
        whole organisation seems to have become plastic, and tends to depart in some small degree
        from that of the parental type. Any variation which is not inherited is unimportant for us. But the number and diversity of
        inheritable deviations of structure, both those of slight and those of considerable
        physiological importance, is endless. Dr. Prosper Lucas's treatise, in two large volumes, is
        the fullest and the best on this subject. No breeder doubts how strong is the tendency to
        inheritance: like produces like is his fundamental belief: doubts have been thrown on this
        principle by theoretical writers alone. When a deviation appears not unfrequently, and we
        see it in the father and child, we cannot tell whether it may not be due to the same
        original cause acting on both; but when amongst individuals, apparently exposed to the same
        conditions, any very rare deviation, due to some extraordinary combination of circumstances,
        appears in the parent—say, once amongst several million individuals—and it reappears in the
        child, the mere doctrine of chances almost compels us to attribute its reappearance to
        inheritance. Every one must have heard of cases of albinism, prickly skin, hairy bodies,
        &amp;c., appearing in several members of the same family. If strange and rare deviations of
        structure are truly inherited, less strange and commoner deviations may be freely admitted
        to be inheritable. Perhaps the correct way of viewing the whole subject, would be, to look
        at the inheritance of every character whatever as the rule, and non-inheritance as the
        anomaly. The laws governing inheritance are quite unknown; no one can say why the same peculiarity in
        different individuals of the same species, and in individuals of different species, is
        sometimes inherited and sometimes not so; why the child often reverts in certain characters
        to its grandfather or grandmother or other much more remote ancestor; why a peculiarity is
        often transmitted from one sex to both sexes, or to one sex alone, more commonly but not
        exclusively to the like sex. It is a fact of some little importance to us, that
        peculiarities appearing in the males of our domestic breeds are often transmitted either
        exclusively, or in a much greater degree, to males alone. A much more important rule, which
        I think may be trusted, is that, at whatever period of life a peculiarity first appears, it
        tends to appear in the offspring at a corresponding age, though sometimes earlier. In many
        cases this could not be otherwise: thus the inherited peculiarities in the horns of cattle
        could appear only in the offspring when nearly mature; peculiarities in the silkworm are
        known to appear at the corresponding caterpillar or cocoon stage. But hereditary diseases
        and some other facts make me believe that the rule has a wider extension, and that when
        there is no apparent reason why a peculiarity should appear at any particular age, yet that
        it does tend to appear in the offspring at the same period at which it first appeared in the
        parent. I believe this rule to be of the highest importance in explaining the laws of
        embryology. These remarks are of course confined to the first appearance of the peculiarity,
        and not to its primary cause, which may have acted on the ovules or male element; in nearly
        the same manner as in the crossed offspring from a short-horned cow by a long-horned bull,
        the greater length of horn, though appearing late in life, is clearly due to the male
        element. Having alluded to the subject of reversion, I may here refer to a statement often made by
        naturalists—namely, that our domestic varieties, when run wild, gradually but certainly
        revert in character to their aboriginal stocks. Hence it has been argued that no deductions
        can be drawn from domestic races to species in a state of nature. I have in vain endeavoured
        to discover on what decisive facts the above statement has so often and so boldly been made.
        There would be great difficulty in proving its truth: we may safely conclude that very many
        of the most strongly-marked domestic varieties could not possibly live in a wild state. In
        many cases we do not know what the aboriginal stock was, and so could not tell whether or
        not nearly perfect reversion had ensued. It would be quite necessary, in order to prevent
        the effects of intercrossing, that only a single variety should be turned loose in its new
        home. Nevertheless, as our varieties certainly do occasionally revert in some of their
        characters to ancestral forms, it seems to me not improbable, that if we could succeed in
        naturalising, or were to cultivate, during many generations, the several races, for
        instance, of the cabbage, in very poor soil (in which case, however, some effect would have
        to be attributed to the direct action of the poor soil), that they would to a large extent,
        or even wholly, revert to the wild aboriginal stock. Whether or not the experiment would
        succeed, is not of great importance for our line of argument; for by the experiment itself
        the conditions of life are changed. If it could be shown that our domestic varieties
        manifested a strong tendency to reversion,—that is, to lose their acquired characters,
        whilst kept under unchanged conditions, and whilst kept in a considerable body, so that free
        intercrossing might check, by blending together, any slight deviations of structure, in such
        case, I grant that we could deduce nothing from domestic varieties in regard to species. But
        there is not a shadow of evidence in favour of this view: to assert that we could not breed
        our cart and race-horses, long and short-horned cattle, and poultry of various breeds, and
        esculent vegetables, for an almost infinite number of generations, would be opposed to all
        experience. I may add, that when under nature the conditions of life do change, variations
        and reversions of character probably do occur; but natural selection, as will hereafter be
        explained, will determine how far the new characters thus arising shall be preserved. When we look to the hereditary varieties or races of our domestic animals and plants, and
        compare them with species closely allied together, we generally perceive in each domestic
        race, as already remarked, less uniformity of character than in true species. Domestic races
        of the same species, also, often have a somewhat monstrous character; by which I mean, that,
        although differing from each other, and from the other species of the same genus, in several
        trifling respects, they often differ in an extreme degree in some one part, both when
        compared one with another, and more especially when compared with all the species in nature
        to which they are nearest allied. With these exceptions (and with that of the perfect
        fertility of varieties when crossed,—a subject hereafter to be discussed), domestic races of
        the same species differ from each other in the same manner as, only in most cases in a
        lesser degree than, do closely-allied species of the same genus in a state of nature. I
        think this must be admitted, when we find that there are hardly any domestic races, either
        amongst animals or plants, which have not been ranked by some competent judges as mere
        varieties, and by other competent judges as the descendants of aboriginally distinct
        species. If any marked distinction existed between domestic races and species, this source
        of doubt could not so perpetually recur. It has often been stated that domestic races do not
        differ from each other in characters of generic value. I think it could be shown that this
        statement is hardly correct; but naturalists differ most widely in determining what
        characters are of generic value; all such valuations being at present empirical. Moreover,
        on the view of the origin of genera which I shall presently give, we have no right to expect
        often to meet with generic differences in our domesticated productions. When we attempt to estimate the amount of structural difference between the domestic races of
        the same species, we are soon involved in doubt, from not knowing whether they have
        descended from one or several parent-species. This point, if it could be cleared up, would
        be interesting; if, for instance, it could be shown that the greyhound, bloodhound, terrier,
        spaniel, and bull-dog, which we all know propagate their kind so truly, were the offspring
        of any single species, then such facts would have great weight in making us doubt about the
        immutability of the many very closely allied and natural species—for instance, of the many
        foxes—inhabiting different quarters of the world. I do not believe, as we shall presently
        see, that all our dogs have descended from any one wild species; but, in the case of some
        other domestic races, there is presumptive, or even strong, evidence in favour of this
        view. (3147 words)</li>
         <li>
            <strong>Top: </strong>WHEN we look to the individuals of the same variety or sub-variety of our older cultivated
        plants and animals, one of the first points which strikes us, is, that they generally differ
        more from each other than do the individuals of any one species or variety in a state of
        nature. When we reflect on the vast diversity of the plants and animals which have been
        cultivated, and which have varied during all ages under the most different climates and
        treatment, I think we are driven to conclude that this great variability is simply due to
        our domestic productions having been raised under conditions of life not so uniform as, and
        somewhat different from, those to which the parent-species have been exposed under nature.
        There is also, I think, some probability in the view propounded by Andrew Knight, that this
        variability may be partly connected with excess of food. It seems pretty clear that organic
        beings must be exposed during several generations to the new conditions of life to cause any
        appreciable amount of variation; and that when the organisation has once begun to vary, it
        generally continues to vary for many generations. No case is on record of a variable being ceasing to be variable under cultivation. Our oldest
        cultivated plants, such as wheat, still often yield new varieties: our oldest domesticated
        animals are still capable of rapid improvement or modification. It has been disputed at what period of life the causes of variability, whatever they may be,
        generally act; whether during the early or late period of development of the embryo, or at
        the instant of conception. Geoffroy St. Hilaire's experiments show that unnatural treatment
        of the embryo causes monstrosities; and monstrosities cannot be separated by any clear line
        of distinction from mere variations. But I am strongly inclined to suspect that the most
        frequent cause of variability may be attributed to the male and female reproductive elements
        having been affected prior to the act of conception. Several reasons make me believe in
        this; but the chief one is the remarkable effect which confinement or cultivation has on the
        function of the reproductive system; this system appearing to be far more susceptible than
        any other part of the organisation, to the action of any change in the conditions of life.
        Nothing is more easy than to tame an animal, and few things more difficult than to get it to
        breed freely under confinement, even in the many cases when the male and female unite. How
        many animals there are which will not breed, though living long under not very close
        confinement in their native country! This is generally attributed to vitiated instincts; but
        how many cultivated plants display the utmost vigour, and yet rarely or never seed! In some
        few such cases it has been discovered that very trifling changes, such as a little more or
        less water at some particular period of growth, will determine whether or not the plant sets
        a seed. I cannot here enter on the copious details which I have collected on this curious
        subject; but to show how singular the laws are which determine the reproduction of animals
        under confinement, I may just mention that carnivorous animals, even from the tropics, breed
        in this country pretty freely under confinement, with the exception of the plantigrades or
        bear family; whereas carnivorous birds, with the rarest exceptions, hardly ever lay fertile
        eggs. Many exotic plants have pollen utterly worthless, in the same exact condition as in
        the most sterile hybrids. When, on the one hand, we see domesticated animals and plants,
        though often weak and sickly, yet breeding quite freely under confinement; and when, on the
        other hand, we see individuals, though taken young from a state of nature, perfectly tamed,
        long-lived, and healthy (of which I could give numerous instances), yet having their
        reproductive system so seriously affected by unperceived causes as to fail in acting, we
        need not be surprised at this system, when it does act under confinement, acting not quite
        regularly, and producing offspring not perfectly like their parents. Sterility has been said to be the bane of horticulture; but on this view we owe variability
        to the same cause which produces sterility; and variability is the source of all the
        choicest productions of the garden. I may add, that as some organisms will breed freely
        under the most unnatural conditions (for instance, the rabbit and ferret kept in hutches),
        showing that their reproductive system has not been thus affected; so will some animals and
        plants withstand domestication or cultivation, and vary very slightly—perhaps hardly more
        than in a state of nature. A long list could easily be given of "sporting plants;" by this term gardeners mean a single
        bud or offset, which suddenly assumes a new and sometimes very different character from that
        of the rest of the plant. Such buds can be propagated by grafting, &amp;c., and sometimes by seed. These "sports" are
        extremely rare under nature, but far from rare under cultivation; and in this case we see
        that the treatment of the parent has affected a bud or offset, and not the ovules or pollen.
        But it is the opinion of most physiologists that there is no essential difference between a
        bud and an ovule in their earliest stages of formation; so that, in fact, "sports" support
        my view, that variability may be largely attributed to the ovules or pollen, or to both,
        having been affected by the treatment of the parent prior to the act of conception. These
        cases anyhow show that variation is not necessarily connected, as some authors have
        supposed, with the act of generation. Seedlings from the same fruit, and the young of the same litter, sometimes differ
        considerably from each other, though both the young and the parents, as Müller has remarked,
        have apparently been exposed to exactly the same conditions of life; and this shows how
        unimportant the direct effects of the conditions of life are in comparison with the laws of
        reproduction, of growth, and of inheritance; for had the action of the conditions been
        direct, if any of the young had varied, all would probably have varied in the same manner.
        To judge how much, in the case of any variation, we should attribute to the direct action of
        heat, moisture, light, food, &amp;c., is most difficult: my impression is, that with animals
        such agencies have produced very little direct effect, though apparently more in the case of
        plants. Under this point of view, Mr. Buckman's recent experiments on plants are extremely
        valuable. When all or nearly all the individuals exposed to certain conditions are affected
        in the same way, the change at first appears to be directly due to such conditions; but in
        some cases it can be shown that quite opposite conditions produce similar changes of
        structure. Nevertheless some slight amount of change may, I think, be attributed to the
        direct action of the conditions of life—as, in some cases, increased size from amount of
        food, colour from particular kinds of food or from light, and perhaps the thickness of fur
        from climate. Habit also has a decided influence, as in the period of flowering with plants when
        transported from one climate to another. In animals it has a more marked effect; for
        instance, I find in the domestic duck that the bones of the wing weigh less and the bones of
        the leg more, in proportion to the whole skeleton, than do the same bones in the wild-duck;
        and I presume that this change may be safely attributed to the domestic duck flying much
        less, and walking more, than its wild parent. The great and inherited development of the
        udders in cows and goats in countries where they are habitually milked, in comparison with
        the state of these organs in other countries, is another instance of the effect of use. Not
        a single domestic animal can be named which has not in some country drooping ears; and the
        view suggested by some authors, that the drooping is due to the disuse of the muscles of the
        ear, from the animals not being much alarmed by danger, seems probable. There are many laws regulating variation, some few of which can be dimly seen, and will be
        hereafter briefly mentioned. I will here only allude to what may be called correlation of
        growth. Any change in the embryo or larva will almost certainly entail changes in the mature
        animal. In monstrosities, the correlations between quite distinct parts are very curious;
        and many instances are given in Isidore Geoffroy St. Hilaire's great work on this subject.
        Breeders believe that long limbs are almost always accompanied by an elongated head. Some
        instances of correlation are quite whimsical: thus cats with blue eyes are invariably deaf;
        colour and constitutional peculiarities go together, of which many remarkable cases could be
        given amongst animals and plants. From the facts collected by Heusinger, it appears that
        white sheep and pigs are differently affected from coloured individuals by certain vegetable
        poisons. Hairless dogs have imperfect teeth: long-haired and coarse-haired animals are apt
        to have, as is asserted, long or many horns; pigeons with feathered feet have skin between
        their outer toes; pigeons with short beaks have small feet, and those with long beaks large
        feet. Hence, if man goes on selecting, and thus augmenting, any peculiarity, he will almost
        certainly unconsciously modify other parts of the structure, owing to the mysterious laws of
        the correlation of growth. The result of the various, quite unknown, or dimly seen laws of variation is infinitely
        complex and diversified. It is well worth while carefully to study the several treatises
        published on some of our old cultivated plants, as on the hyacinth, potato, even the dahlia,
        &amp;c.; and it is really surprising to note the endless points in structure and
        constitution in which the varieties and sub-varieties differ slightly from each other. The
        whole organisation seems to have become plastic, and tends to depart in some small degree
        from that of the parental type. Any variation which is not inherited is unimportant for us. But the number and diversity of
        inheritable deviations of structure, both those of slight and those of considerable
        physiological importance, is endless. Dr. Prosper Lucas's treatise, in two large volumes, is
        the fullest and the best on this subject. No breeder doubts how strong is the tendency to
        inheritance: like produces like is his fundamental belief: doubts have been thrown on this
        principle by theoretical writers alone. When any deviation of structure often appears, and
        we see it in the father and child, we cannot tell whether it may not be due to the same
        cause having acted on both; but when amongst individuals, apparently exposed to the same
        conditions, any very rare deviation, due to some extraordinary combination of circumstances,
        appears in the parent—say, once amongst several million individuals —and it reappears in the
        child, the mere doctrine of chances almost compels us to attribute its reappearance to
        inheritance. Every one must have heard of cases of albinism, prickly skin, hairy bodies,
        &amp;c., appearing in several members of the same family. If strange and rare deviations of
        structure are truly inherited, less strange and commoner deviations may be freely admitted
        to be inheritable. Perhaps the correct way of viewing the whole subject, would be, to look
        at the inheritance of every character whatever as the rule, and non-inheritance as the
        anomaly. The laws governing inheritance are quite unknown; no one can say why a peculiarity in
        different individuals of the same species, or in individuals of different species, is
        sometimes inherited and sometimes not so; why the child often reverts in certain characters
        to its grandfather or grandmother or other more remote ancestor; why a peculiarity is often
        transmitted from one sex to both sexes, or to one sex alone, more commonly but not
        exclusively to the like sex. It is a fact of some little importance to us, that
        peculiarities appearing in the males of our domestic breeds are often transmitted either
        exclusively, or in a much greater degree, to males alone. A much more important rule, which
        I think may be trusted, is that, at whatever period of life a peculiarity first appears, it
        tends to appear in the offspring at a corresponding age, though sometimes earlier. In many
        cases this could not be otherwise: thus the inherited peculiarities in the horns of cattle
        could appear only in the offspring when nearly mature; peculiarities in the silkworm are
        known to appear at the corresponding caterpillar or cocoon stage. But hereditary diseases
        and some other facts make me believe that the rule has a wider extension, and that when
        there is no apparent reason why a peculiarity should appear at any particular age, yet that
        it does tend to appear in the offspring at the same period at which it first appeared in the
        parent. I believe this rule to be of the highest importance in explaining the laws of
        embryology. These remarks are of course confined to the first appearance of the peculiarity,
        and not to its primary cause, which may have acted on the ovules or male element; in nearly
        the same manner as in the crossed offspring from a short-horned cow by a long-horned bull,
        the greater length of horn, though appearing late in life, is clearly due to the male
        element. Having alluded to the subject of reversion, I may here refer to a statement often made by
        naturalists—namely, that our domestic varieties, when run wild, gradually but certainly
        revert in character to their aboriginal stocks. Hence it has been argued that no deductions
        can be drawn from domestic races to species in a state of nature. I have in vain endeavoured
        to discover on what decisive facts the above statement has so often and so boldly been made.
        There would be great difficulty in proving its truth: we may safely conclude that very many
        of the most strongly-marked domestic varieties could not possibly live in a wild state. In
        many cases we do not know what the aboriginal stock was, and so could not tell whether or
        not nearly perfect reversion had ensued. It would be quite necessary, in order to prevent
        the effects of intercrossing, that only a single variety should be turned loose in its new
        home. Nevertheless, as our varieties certainly do occasionally revert in some of their
        characters to ancestral forms, it seems to me not improbable, that if we could succeed in
        naturalising, or were to cultivate, during many generations, the several races, for
        instance, of the cabbage, in very poor soil (in which case, however, some effect would have
        to be attributed to the direct action of the poor soil), that they would to a large extent,
        or even wholly, revert to the wild aboriginal stock. Whether or not the experiment would
        succeed, is not of great importance for our line of argument; for by the experiment itself
        the conditions of life are changed. If it could be shown that our domestic varieties
        manifested a strong tendency to reversion,—that is, to lose their acquired characters,
        whilst kept under the same conditions, and whilst kept in a considerable body, so that free
        intercrossing might check, by blending together, any slight deviations in their structure,
        in such case, I grant that we could deduce nothing from domestic varieties in regard to
        species. But there is not a shadow of evidence in favour of this view: to assert that we
        could not breed our cart and race-horses, long and short-horned cattle, and poultry of
        various breeds, and esculent vegetables, for an almost infinite number of generations, would
        be opposed to all experience. I may add, that when under nature the conditions of life do
        change, variations and reversions of character probably do occur; but natural selection, as
        will hereafter be explained, will determine how far the new characters thus arising shall be
        preserved. When we look to the hereditary varieties or races of our domestic animals and plants, and
        compare them with closely allied species, we generally perceive in each domestic race, as
        already remarked, less uniformity of character than in true species. Domestic races of the
        same species, also, often have a somewhat monstrous character; by which I mean, that,
        although differing from each other, and from other species of the same genus, in several
        trifling respects, they often differ in an extreme degree in some one part, both when
        compared one with another, and more especially when compared with all the species in nature
        to which they are nearest allied. With these exceptions (and with that of the perfect
        fertility of varieties when crossed,—a subject hereafter to be discussed), domestic races of
        the same species differ from each other in the same manner as, only in most cases in a
        lesser degree than, do closely-allied species of the same genus in a state of nature. I
        think this must be admitted, when we find that there are hardly any domestic races, either
        amongst animals or plants, which have not been ranked by competent judges as mere varieties,
        and by other competent judges as the descendants of aboriginally distinct species. If any
        marked distinction existed between domestic races and species, this source of doubt could
        not so perpetually recur. It has often been stated that domestic races do not differ from
        each other in characters of generic value. I think it could be shown that this statement is
        hardly correct; but naturalists differ widely in determining what characters are of generic
        value; all such valuations being at present empirical. Moreover, on the view of the origin
        of genera which I shall presently give, we have no right to expect often to meet with
        generic differences in our domesticated productions. When we attempt to estimate the amount of structural difference between the domestic races of
        the same species, we are soon involved in doubt, from not knowing whether they have
        descended from one or several parentspecies. This point, if it could be cleared up, would be
        interesting; if, for instance, it could be shown that the greyhound, bloodhound, terrier,
        spaniel, and bull-dog, which we all know propagate their kind so truly, were the offspring
        of any single species, then such facts would have great weight in making us doubt about the
        immutability of the many very closely allied natural species—for instance, of the many
        foxes—inhabiting different quarters of the world. I do not believe, as we shall presently
        see, that the whole amount of difference between the several breeds of the dog has been
        produced under domestication; I believe that some small part of the difference is due to
        their being descended from distinct species. In the case of some other domesticated species,
        there is presumptive, or even strong evidence, that all the breeds have descended from a
        single wild stock. (3126 words)</li>
      </ul>
      <h2>Alignment table</h2>
      <table>
         <tr>
            <th>Left</th>
            <td data-match="1">WHEN</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">look</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">variety</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">sub-variety</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">older</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivated</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals,</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">first</td>
            <td data-match="1">points</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">strikes</td>
            <td data-match="1">us,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">generally</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="-1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">species</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">variety</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">state</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature.</td>
            <td data-match="1">When</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">reflect</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">vast</td>
            <td data-match="1">diversity</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivated,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">varied</td>
            <td data-match="1">during</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">ages</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">different</td>
            <td data-match="1">climates</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">treatment,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">think</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">driven</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">conclude</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="-1">great</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">simply</td>
            <td data-match="1">due</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">productions</td>
            <td data-match="1">having</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">raised</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">uniform</td>
            <td data-match="1">as,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">somewhat</td>
            <td data-match="1">different</td>
            <td data-match="1">from,</td>
            <td data-match="1">those</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parent-species</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">exposed</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature.</td>
            <td data-match="1">There</td>
            <td data-match="-1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">also,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">think,</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">probability</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">view</td>
            <td data-match="1">propounded</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">Andrew</td>
            <td data-match="1">Knight,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">partly</td>
            <td data-match="1">connected</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">excess</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">food.</td>
            <td data-match="1">It</td>
            <td data-match="1">seems</td>
            <td data-match="1">pretty</td>
            <td data-match="1">clear</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">organic</td>
            <td data-match="1">beings</td>
            <td data-match="1">must</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">exposed</td>
            <td data-match="1">during</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="1">generations</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">new</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">cause</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">appreciable</td>
            <td data-match="1">amount</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">variation;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">organisation</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">once</td>
            <td data-match="1">begun</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">vary,</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">generally</td>
            <td data-match="1">continues</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">vary</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">generations.</td>
            <td data-match="1">No</td>
            <td data-match="1">case</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">record</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">variable</td>
            <td data-match="1">being</td>
            <td data-match="1">ceasing</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">variable</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivation.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Our</td>
            <td data-match="1">oldest</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivated</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants,</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">wheat,</td>
            <td data-match="1">still</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">yield</td>
            <td data-match="1">new</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties:</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">oldest</td>
            <td data-match="1">domesticated</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">still</td>
            <td data-match="1">capable</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">rapid</td>
            <td data-match="1">improvement</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">modification.</td>
            <td data-match="1">It</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">disputed</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">what</td>
            <td data-match="1">period</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">causes</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability,</td>
            <td data-match="1">whatever</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be,</td>
            <td data-match="1">generally</td>
            <td data-match="1">act;</td>
            <td data-match="1">whether</td>
            <td data-match="1">during</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">early</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">late</td>
            <td data-match="1">period</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">development</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">embryo,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">instant</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">conception.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Geoffroy</td>
            <td data-match="1">St.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Hilaire's</td>
            <td data-match="1">experiments</td>
            <td data-match="1">show</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">unnatural</td>
            <td data-match="1">treatment</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">embryo</td>
            <td data-match="1">causes</td>
            <td data-match="1">monstrosities;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">monstrosities</td>
            <td data-match="1">cannot</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">separated</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">clear</td>
            <td data-match="1">line</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">distinction</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">mere</td>
            <td data-match="1">variations.</td>
            <td data-match="1">But</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">am</td>
            <td data-match="1">strongly</td>
            <td data-match="1">inclined</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">suspect</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">frequent</td>
            <td data-match="1">cause</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">attributed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">male</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">female</td>
            <td data-match="1">reproductive</td>
            <td data-match="1">elements</td>
            <td data-match="1">having</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected</td>
            <td data-match="1">prior</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">act</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">conception.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Several</td>
            <td data-match="1">reasons</td>
            <td data-match="1">make</td>
            <td data-match="1">me</td>
            <td data-match="1">believe</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">this;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">chief</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">remarkable</td>
            <td data-match="1">effect</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivation</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="-1">function</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">reproductive</td>
            <td data-match="1">system;</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">system</td>
            <td data-match="1">appearing</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">far</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">susceptible</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">part</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">organisation,</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">action</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">change</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Nothing</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">easy</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">tame</td>
            <td data-match="1">an</td>
            <td data-match="1">animal,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">few</td>
            <td data-match="1">things</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">difficult</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">get</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">breed</td>
            <td data-match="1">freely</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement,</td>
            <td data-match="1">even</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">male</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">female</td>
            <td data-match="1">unite.</td>
            <td data-match="1">How</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">there</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">breed,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">living</td>
            <td data-match="1">long</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">close</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">native</td>
            <td data-match="1">country!</td>
            <td data-match="1">This</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">generally</td>
            <td data-match="1">attributed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">vitiated</td>
            <td data-match="1">instincts;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">how</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivated</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="1">display</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">utmost</td>
            <td data-match="1">vigour,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">yet</td>
            <td data-match="1">rarely</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">never</td>
            <td data-match="1">seed!</td>
            <td data-match="1">In</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">few</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="-1">discovered</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">trifling</td>
            <td data-match="1">changes,</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">little</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">less</td>
            <td data-match="1">water</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">particular</td>
            <td data-match="1">period</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">growth,</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">determine</td>
            <td data-match="1">whether</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">plant</td>
            <td data-match="1">sets</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">seed.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">cannot</td>
            <td data-match="1">here</td>
            <td data-match="1">enter</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">copious</td>
            <td data-match="1">details</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">collected</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">curious</td>
            <td data-match="1">subject;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">show</td>
            <td data-match="1">how</td>
            <td data-match="1">singular</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">determine</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">reproduction</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">just</td>
            <td data-match="1">mention</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">carnivorous</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals,</td>
            <td data-match="1">even</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">tropics,</td>
            <td data-match="1">breed</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">country</td>
            <td data-match="1">pretty</td>
            <td data-match="1">freely</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement,</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">exception</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">plantigrades</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">bear</td>
            <td data-match="1">family;</td>
            <td data-match="-1">whereas</td>
            <td data-match="1">carnivorous</td>
            <td data-match="1">birds,</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">rarest</td>
            <td data-match="1">exceptions,</td>
            <td data-match="1">hardly</td>
            <td data-match="1">ever</td>
            <td data-match="1">lay</td>
            <td data-match="1">fertile</td>
            <td data-match="1">eggs.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Many</td>
            <td data-match="1">exotic</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">pollen</td>
            <td data-match="1">utterly</td>
            <td data-match="1">worthless,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">exact</td>
            <td data-match="1">condition</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">sterile</td>
            <td data-match="1">hybrids.</td>
            <td data-match="1">When,</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">hand,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">see</td>
            <td data-match="1">domesticated</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">weak</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">sickly,</td>
            <td data-match="1">yet</td>
            <td data-match="1">breeding</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">freely</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">when,</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">hand,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">see</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">taken</td>
            <td data-match="1">young</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">state</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature,</td>
            <td data-match="1">perfectly</td>
            <td data-match="1">tamed,</td>
            <td data-match="1">long-lived,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">healthy</td>
            <td data-match="1">(of</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">give</td>
            <td data-match="1">numerous</td>
            <td data-match="1">instances),</td>
            <td data-match="1">yet</td>
            <td data-match="1">having</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">reproductive</td>
            <td data-match="1">system</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">seriously</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">unperceived</td>
            <td data-match="1">causes</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">fail</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">acting,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">need</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">surprised</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">system,</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">does</td>
            <td data-match="1">act</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement,</td>
            <td data-match="1">acting</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">regularly,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">producing</td>
            <td data-match="1">offspring</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">perfectly</td>
            <td data-match="1">like</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="-1">parents.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Sterility</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">said</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">bane</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">horticulture;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">view</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">owe</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">cause</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">produces</td>
            <td data-match="1">sterility;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">source</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">choicest</td>
            <td data-match="1">productions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">garden.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">add,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">organisms</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">breed</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="1">freely</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">unnatural</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">(for</td>
            <td data-match="1">instance,</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">rabbit</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">ferret</td>
            <td data-match="1">kept</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">hutches),</td>
            <td data-match="1">showing</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">reproductive</td>
            <td data-match="1">system</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">thus</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected;</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="1">withstand</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestication</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivation,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">vary</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">slightly—perhaps</td>
            <td data-match="1">hardly</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">state</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature.</td>
            <td data-match="1">A</td>
            <td data-match="1">long</td>
            <td data-match="1">list</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">easily</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">given</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">"sporting</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants;"</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">term</td>
            <td data-match="1">gardeners</td>
            <td data-match="1">mean</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">single</td>
            <td data-match="1">bud</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">offset,</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">suddenly</td>
            <td data-match="1">assumes</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">new</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">sometimes</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">different</td>
            <td data-match="1">character</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">rest</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">plant.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Such</td>
            <td data-match="1">buds</td>
            <td data-match="1">can</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">propagated</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">grafting,</td>
            <td data-match="1">&amp;c.,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">sometimes</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">seed.</td>
            <td data-match="1">These</td>
            <td data-match="1">"sports"</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">extremely</td>
            <td data-match="1">rare</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature,</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">far</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">rare</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivation;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">case</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">see</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">treatment</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parent</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">bud</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">offset,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">ovules</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">pollen.</td>
            <td data-match="1">But</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">opinion</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">physiologists</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">there</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">no</td>
            <td data-match="1">essential</td>
            <td data-match="1">difference</td>
            <td data-match="1">between</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">bud</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">an</td>
            <td data-match="1">ovule</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">earliest</td>
            <td data-match="1">stages</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">formation;</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">that,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">fact,</td>
            <td data-match="1">"sports"</td>
            <td data-match="1">support</td>
            <td data-match="1">my</td>
            <td data-match="1">view,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">largely</td>
            <td data-match="1">attributed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">ovules</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">pollen,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">both,</td>
            <td data-match="1">having</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">treatment</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parent</td>
            <td data-match="1">prior</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">act</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">conception.</td>
            <td data-match="1">These</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">anyhow</td>
            <td data-match="1">show</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">variation</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">necessarily</td>
            <td data-match="1">connected,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">authors</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">supposed,</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">act</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">generation.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Seedlings</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">fruit,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">young</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">litter,</td>
            <td data-match="1">sometimes</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td data-match="1">considerably</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="1">other,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">both</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">young</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parents,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">Müller</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">remarked,</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">apparently</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">exposed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">exactly</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">shows</td>
            <td data-match="1">how</td>
            <td data-match="1">unimportant</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">direct</td>
            <td data-match="1">effects</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">comparison</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">reproduction,</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">growth,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritance;</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">had</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">action</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">direct,</td>
            <td data-match="1">if</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">young</td>
            <td data-match="1">had</td>
            <td data-match="1">varied,</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">probably</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">varied</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">manner.</td>
            <td data-match="1">To</td>
            <td data-match="1">judge</td>
            <td data-match="1">how</td>
            <td data-match="1">much,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">case</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">variation,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">should</td>
            <td data-match="1">attribute</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">direct</td>
            <td data-match="1">action</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">heat,</td>
            <td data-match="1">moisture,</td>
            <td data-match="1">light,</td>
            <td data-match="1">food,</td>
            <td data-match="1">&amp;c.,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">difficult:</td>
            <td data-match="1">my</td>
            <td data-match="1">impression</td>
            <td data-match="1">is,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">agencies</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">produced</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">little</td>
            <td data-match="1">direct</td>
            <td data-match="1">effect,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">apparently</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">case</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Under</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">point</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">view,</td>
            <td data-match="1">Mr.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Buckman's</td>
            <td data-match="1">recent</td>
            <td data-match="1">experiments</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="-1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">extremely</td>
            <td data-match="1">valuable.</td>
            <td data-match="1">When</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">nearly</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals</td>
            <td data-match="1">exposed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">certain</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">way,</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">change</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">first</td>
            <td data-match="1">appears</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">directly</td>
            <td data-match="1">due</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">can</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">shown</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">opposite</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">produce</td>
            <td data-match="1">similar</td>
            <td data-match="1">changes</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">structure.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Nevertheless</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">slight</td>
            <td data-match="1">amount</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">change</td>
            <td data-match="1">may,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">think,</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">attributed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">direct</td>
            <td data-match="1">action</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life—as,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases,</td>
            <td data-match="1">increased</td>
            <td data-match="1">size</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">amount</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">food,</td>
            <td data-match="1">colour</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">particular</td>
            <td data-match="1">kinds</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">food</td>
            <td data-match="-1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">light,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">perhaps</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">thickness</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">fur</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">climate.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Habit</td>
            <td data-match="1">also</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">decided</td>
            <td data-match="1">influence,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">period</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">flowering</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">transported</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">climate</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">another.</td>
            <td data-match="1">In</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">marked</td>
            <td data-match="1">effect;</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">instance,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">find</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">duck</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">bones</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">wing</td>
            <td data-match="1">weigh</td>
            <td data-match="1">less</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">bones</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">leg</td>
            <td data-match="1">more,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">proportion</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">whole</td>
            <td data-match="1">skeleton,</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">bones</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">wild-duck;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">presume</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">change</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">safely</td>
            <td data-match="1">attributed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">duck</td>
            <td data-match="1">flying</td>
            <td data-match="1">much</td>
            <td data-match="1">less,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">walking</td>
            <td data-match="1">more,</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">its</td>
            <td data-match="1">wild</td>
            <td data-match="1">parent.</td>
            <td data-match="1">The</td>
            <td data-match="1">great</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">inherited</td>
            <td data-match="1">development</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">udders</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">cows</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">goats</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">countries</td>
            <td data-match="1">where</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">habitually</td>
            <td data-match="1">milked,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">comparison</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">state</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">these</td>
            <td data-match="1">organs</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">countries,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">another</td>
            <td data-match="1">instance</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">effect</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">use.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Not</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">single</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">animal</td>
            <td data-match="1">can</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">named</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">country</td>
            <td data-match="1">drooping</td>
            <td data-match="1">ears;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">view</td>
            <td data-match="1">suggested</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">authors,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">drooping</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">due</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">disuse</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">muscles</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">ear,</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">being</td>
            <td data-match="1">much</td>
            <td data-match="1">alarmed</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">danger,</td>
            <td data-match="1">seems</td>
            <td data-match="1">probable.</td>
            <td data-match="1">There</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">regulating</td>
            <td data-match="1">variation,</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">few</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">can</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">dimly</td>
            <td data-match="1">seen,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">hereafter</td>
            <td data-match="1">briefly</td>
            <td data-match="1">mentioned.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">here</td>
            <td data-match="1">only</td>
            <td data-match="1">allude</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">what</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">called</td>
            <td data-match="1">correlation</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">growth.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Any</td>
            <td data-match="1">change</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">embryo</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">larva</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">almost</td>
            <td data-match="1">certainly</td>
            <td data-match="1">entail</td>
            <td data-match="1">changes</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">mature</td>
            <td data-match="1">animal.</td>
            <td data-match="1">In</td>
            <td data-match="1">monstrosities,</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">correlations</td>
            <td data-match="1">between</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">distinct</td>
            <td data-match="1">parts</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">curious;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">instances</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">given</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">Isidore</td>
            <td data-match="1">Geoffroy</td>
            <td data-match="1">St.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Hilaire's</td>
            <td data-match="1">great</td>
            <td data-match="1">work</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">subject.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Breeders</td>
            <td data-match="1">believe</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">long</td>
            <td data-match="1">limbs</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">almost</td>
            <td data-match="1">always</td>
            <td data-match="1">accompanied</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">an</td>
            <td data-match="1">elongated</td>
            <td data-match="1">head.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Some</td>
            <td data-match="1">instances</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">correlation</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">whimsical:</td>
            <td data-match="1">thus</td>
            <td data-match="1">cats</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">blue</td>
            <td data-match="1">eyes</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">invariably</td>
            <td data-match="1">deaf;</td>
            <td data-match="1">colour</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">constitutional</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarities</td>
            <td data-match="1">go</td>
            <td data-match="1">together,</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">remarkable</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">given</td>
            <td data-match="1">amongst</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants.</td>
            <td data-match="1">From</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">facts</td>
            <td data-match="1">collected</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">Heusinger,</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">appears</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">white</td>
            <td data-match="1">sheep</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">pigs</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">differently</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">coloured</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">certain</td>
            <td data-match="1">vegetable</td>
            <td data-match="1">poisons.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Hairless</td>
            <td data-match="1">dogs</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">imperfect</td>
            <td data-match="-1">teeth:</td>
            <td data-match="1">long-haired</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">coarse-haired</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">apt</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">have,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">asserted,</td>
            <td data-match="1">long</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">horns;</td>
            <td data-match="1">pigeons</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">feathered</td>
            <td data-match="1">feet</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">skin</td>
            <td data-match="1">between</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">outer</td>
            <td data-match="1">toes;</td>
            <td data-match="1">pigeons</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">short</td>
            <td data-match="1">beaks</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">small</td>
            <td data-match="1">feet,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">those</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">long</td>
            <td data-match="1">beaks</td>
            <td data-match="1">large</td>
            <td data-match="1">feet.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Hence,</td>
            <td data-match="1">if</td>
            <td data-match="1">man</td>
            <td data-match="1">goes</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">selecting,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">thus</td>
            <td data-match="1">augmenting,</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarity,</td>
            <td data-match="1">he</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">almost</td>
            <td data-match="1">certainly</td>
            <td data-match="1">unconsciously</td>
            <td data-match="1">modify</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">parts</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">structure,</td>
            <td data-match="1">owing</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">mysterious</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">correlation</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">growth.</td>
            <td data-match="1">The</td>
            <td data-match="1">result</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">various,</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">unknown,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">dimly</td>
            <td data-match="1">seen</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">variation</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">infinitely</td>
            <td data-match="1">complex</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">diversified.</td>
            <td data-match="1">It</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">well</td>
            <td data-match="1">worth</td>
            <td data-match="1">while</td>
            <td data-match="1">carefully</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">study</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="1">treatises</td>
            <td data-match="1">published</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">old</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivated</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">hyacinth,</td>
            <td data-match="1">potato,</td>
            <td data-match="1">even</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">dahlia,</td>
            <td data-match="1">&amp;c.;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">really</td>
            <td data-match="1">surprising</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">note</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">endless</td>
            <td data-match="1">points</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">structure</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">constitution</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">sub-varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td data-match="1">slightly</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="1">other.</td>
            <td data-match="1">The</td>
            <td data-match="1">whole</td>
            <td data-match="1">organisation</td>
            <td data-match="1">seems</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">become</td>
            <td data-match="1">plastic,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">tends</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">depart</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">small</td>
            <td data-match="1">degree</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parental</td>
            <td data-match="1">type.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Any</td>
            <td data-match="1">variation</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">inherited</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">unimportant</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">us.</td>
            <td data-match="1">But</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">number</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">diversity</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritable</td>
            <td data-match="1">deviations</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">structure,</td>
            <td data-match="1">both</td>
            <td data-match="1">those</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">slight</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">those</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">considerable</td>
            <td data-match="1">physiological</td>
            <td data-match="1">importance,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">endless.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Dr.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Prosper</td>
            <td data-match="1">Lucas's</td>
            <td data-match="1">treatise,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">two</td>
            <td data-match="1">large</td>
            <td data-match="1">volumes,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">fullest</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">best</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">subject.</td>
            <td data-match="1">No</td>
            <td data-match="1">breeder</td>
            <td data-match="1">doubts</td>
            <td data-match="1">how</td>
            <td data-match="1">strong</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">tendency</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritance:</td>
            <td data-match="1">like</td>
            <td data-match="1">produces</td>
            <td data-match="1">like</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">his</td>
            <td data-match="1">fundamental</td>
            <td data-match="1">belief:</td>
            <td data-match="1">doubts</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">thrown</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">principle</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">theoretical</td>
            <td data-match="1">writers</td>
            <td data-match="1">alone.</td>
            <td data-match="1">When</td>
            <td data-match="-1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">deviation</td>
            <td>of</td>
            <td data-match="-1">structure</td>
            <td data-match="-1">often</td>
            <td data-match="-1">appears,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">see</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">father</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">child,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">cannot</td>
            <td data-match="1">tell</td>
            <td data-match="1">whether</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">due</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="-1">cause</td>
            <td data-match="-1">having</td>
            <td data-match="-1">acted</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">both;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">amongst</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals,</td>
            <td data-match="1">apparently</td>
            <td data-match="1">exposed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions,</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">rare</td>
            <td data-match="1">deviation,</td>
            <td data-match="1">due</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">extraordinary</td>
            <td data-match="1">combination</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">circumstances,</td>
            <td data-match="1">appears</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parent—say,</td>
            <td data-match="1">once</td>
            <td data-match="1">amongst</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="1">million</td>
            <td>individuals</td>
            <td data-match="-1">—and</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">reappears</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">child,</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">mere</td>
            <td data-match="1">doctrine</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">chances</td>
            <td data-match="1">almost</td>
            <td data-match="1">compels</td>
            <td data-match="1">us</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">attribute</td>
            <td data-match="1">its</td>
            <td data-match="1">reappearance</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritance.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Every</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">must</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">heard</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">albinism,</td>
            <td data-match="1">prickly</td>
            <td data-match="1">skin,</td>
            <td data-match="1">hairy</td>
            <td data-match="1">bodies,</td>
            <td data-match="1">&amp;c.,</td>
            <td data-match="1">appearing</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="1">members</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">family.</td>
            <td data-match="1">If</td>
            <td data-match="1">strange</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">rare</td>
            <td data-match="1">deviations</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">structure</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">truly</td>
            <td data-match="1">inherited,</td>
            <td data-match="1">less</td>
            <td data-match="1">strange</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">commoner</td>
            <td data-match="1">deviations</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">freely</td>
            <td data-match="1">admitted</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritable.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Perhaps</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">correct</td>
            <td data-match="1">way</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">viewing</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">whole</td>
            <td data-match="1">subject,</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">be,</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">look</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritance</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">every</td>
            <td data-match="1">character</td>
            <td data-match="1">whatever</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">rule,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">non-inheritance</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">anomaly.</td>
            <td data-match="1">The</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">governing</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritance</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">unknown;</td>
            <td data-match="1">no</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">can</td>
            <td data-match="1">say</td>
            <td data-match="1">why</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="-1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarity</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">different</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="-1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">different</td>
            <td data-match="1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">sometimes</td>
            <td data-match="1">inherited</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">sometimes</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">so;</td>
            <td data-match="1">why</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">child</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">reverts</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">certain</td>
            <td data-match="1">characters</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">its</td>
            <td data-match="1">grandfather</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">grandmother</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">remote</td>
            <td data-match="1">ancestor;</td>
            <td data-match="1">why</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarity</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">transmitted</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">sex</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">both</td>
            <td data-match="1">sexes,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">sex</td>
            <td data-match="1">alone,</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">commonly</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">exclusively</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">like</td>
            <td data-match="1">sex.</td>
            <td data-match="1">It</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">fact</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">little</td>
            <td data-match="1">importance</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">us,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarities</td>
            <td data-match="1">appearing</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">males</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">breeds</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">transmitted</td>
            <td data-match="1">either</td>
            <td data-match="1">exclusively,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">much</td>
            <td data-match="1">greater</td>
            <td data-match="1">degree,</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">males</td>
            <td data-match="1">alone.</td>
            <td data-match="1">A</td>
            <td data-match="1">much</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">important</td>
            <td data-match="1">rule,</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">think</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">trusted,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">that,</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">whatever</td>
            <td data-match="1">period</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarity</td>
            <td data-match="1">first</td>
            <td data-match="1">appears,</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">tends</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">appear</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">offspring</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">corresponding</td>
            <td data-match="1">age,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">sometimes</td>
            <td data-match="1">earlier.</td>
            <td data-match="1">In</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">otherwise:</td>
            <td data-match="1">thus</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">inherited</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarities</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">horns</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">cattle</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">appear</td>
            <td data-match="1">only</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">offspring</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">nearly</td>
            <td data-match="1">mature;</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarities</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">silkworm</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">known</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">appear</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">corresponding</td>
            <td data-match="1">caterpillar</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">cocoon</td>
            <td data-match="1">stage.</td>
            <td data-match="1">But</td>
            <td data-match="1">hereditary</td>
            <td data-match="1">diseases</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">facts</td>
            <td data-match="1">make</td>
            <td data-match="1">me</td>
            <td data-match="1">believe</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">rule</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">wider</td>
            <td data-match="1">extension,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">there</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">no</td>
            <td data-match="1">apparent</td>
            <td data-match="1">reason</td>
            <td data-match="1">why</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarity</td>
            <td data-match="1">should</td>
            <td data-match="1">appear</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">particular</td>
            <td data-match="1">age,</td>
            <td data-match="1">yet</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">does</td>
            <td data-match="1">tend</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">appear</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">offspring</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">period</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">first</td>
            <td data-match="1">appeared</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parent.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">believe</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">rule</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">highest</td>
            <td data-match="1">importance</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">explaining</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">embryology.</td>
            <td data-match="1">These</td>
            <td data-match="1">remarks</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">course</td>
            <td data-match="1">confined</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">first</td>
            <td data-match="1">appearance</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarity,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">its</td>
            <td data-match="1">primary</td>
            <td data-match="1">cause,</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">acted</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">ovules</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">male</td>
            <td data-match="1">element;</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">nearly</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">manner</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">crossed</td>
            <td data-match="1">offspring</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">short-horned</td>
            <td data-match="1">cow</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">long-horned</td>
            <td data-match="1">bull,</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">greater</td>
            <td data-match="1">length</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">horn,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">appearing</td>
            <td data-match="1">late</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">life,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">clearly</td>
            <td data-match="1">due</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">male</td>
            <td data-match="1">element.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Having</td>
            <td data-match="1">alluded</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">subject</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">reversion,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">here</td>
            <td data-match="1">refer</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">statement</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">made</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">naturalists—namely,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties,</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">run</td>
            <td data-match="1">wild,</td>
            <td data-match="1">gradually</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">certainly</td>
            <td data-match="1">revert</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">character</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">aboriginal</td>
            <td data-match="1">stocks.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Hence</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">argued</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">no</td>
            <td data-match="1">deductions</td>
            <td data-match="1">can</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">drawn</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">species</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">state</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">vain</td>
            <td data-match="1">endeavoured</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">discover</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">what</td>
            <td data-match="1">decisive</td>
            <td data-match="1">facts</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">above</td>
            <td data-match="1">statement</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">boldly</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">made.</td>
            <td data-match="1">There</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">great</td>
            <td data-match="1">difficulty</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">proving</td>
            <td data-match="1">its</td>
            <td data-match="1">truth:</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">safely</td>
            <td data-match="1">conclude</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">strongly-marked</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">possibly</td>
            <td data-match="1">live</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">wild</td>
            <td data-match="1">state.</td>
            <td data-match="1">In</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">know</td>
            <td data-match="1">what</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">aboriginal</td>
            <td data-match="1">stock</td>
            <td data-match="1">was,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">tell</td>
            <td data-match="1">whether</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">nearly</td>
            <td data-match="1">perfect</td>
            <td data-match="1">reversion</td>
            <td data-match="1">had</td>
            <td data-match="1">ensued.</td>
            <td data-match="1">It</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">necessary,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">order</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">prevent</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">effects</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">intercrossing,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">only</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">single</td>
            <td data-match="1">variety</td>
            <td data-match="1">should</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">turned</td>
            <td data-match="1">loose</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">its</td>
            <td data-match="1">new</td>
            <td data-match="1">home.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Nevertheless,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">certainly</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">occasionally</td>
            <td data-match="1">revert</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">characters</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">ancestral</td>
            <td data-match="1">forms,</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">seems</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">me</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">improbable,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">if</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">succeed</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">naturalising,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">were</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivate,</td>
            <td data-match="1">during</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">generations,</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="1">races,</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">instance,</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">cabbage,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">poor</td>
            <td data-match="1">soil</td>
            <td data-match="1">(in</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">case,</td>
            <td data-match="1">however,</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">effect</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">attributed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">direct</td>
            <td data-match="1">action</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">poor</td>
            <td data-match="1">soil),</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">large</td>
            <td data-match="1">extent,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">even</td>
            <td data-match="1">wholly,</td>
            <td data-match="1">revert</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">wild</td>
            <td data-match="1">aboriginal</td>
            <td data-match="1">stock.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Whether</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">experiment</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">succeed,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">great</td>
            <td data-match="1">importance</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">line</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">argument;</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">experiment</td>
            <td data-match="1">itself</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">changed.</td>
            <td data-match="1">If</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">shown</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">manifested</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">strong</td>
            <td data-match="1">tendency</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">reversion,—that</td>
            <td data-match="1">is,</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">lose</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">acquired</td>
            <td data-match="1">characters,</td>
            <td data-match="1">whilst</td>
            <td data-match="1">kept</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td>the</td>
            <td data-match="-1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">whilst</td>
            <td data-match="1">kept</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">considerable</td>
            <td data-match="1">body,</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">free</td>
            <td data-match="1">intercrossing</td>
            <td data-match="1">might</td>
            <td data-match="1">check,</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">blending</td>
            <td data-match="1">together,</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">slight</td>
            <td data-match="1">deviations</td>
            <td>in</td>
            <td data-match="-1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">structure,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">case,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">grant</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">deduce</td>
            <td data-match="1">nothing</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">regard</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">species.</td>
            <td data-match="1">But</td>
            <td data-match="1">there</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">shadow</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">evidence</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">favour</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">view:</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">assert</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">breed</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">cart</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">race-horses,</td>
            <td data-match="1">long</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">short-horned</td>
            <td data-match="1">cattle,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">poultry</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">various</td>
            <td data-match="1">breeds,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">esculent</td>
            <td data-match="1">vegetables,</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">an</td>
            <td data-match="1">almost</td>
            <td data-match="1">infinite</td>
            <td data-match="1">number</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">generations,</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">opposed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">experience.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">add,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">change,</td>
            <td data-match="1">variations</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">reversions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">character</td>
            <td data-match="1">probably</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">occur;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">natural</td>
            <td data-match="1">selection,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">hereafter</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">explained,</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">determine</td>
            <td data-match="1">how</td>
            <td data-match="1">far</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">new</td>
            <td data-match="1">characters</td>
            <td data-match="1">thus</td>
            <td data-match="1">arising</td>
            <td data-match="1">shall</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">preserved.</td>
            <td data-match="1">When</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">look</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">hereditary</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">compare</td>
            <td data-match="1">them</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="1">closely</td>
            <td data-match="1">allied</td>
            <td data-match="-1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">generally</td>
            <td data-match="1">perceive</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">race,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">already</td>
            <td data-match="1">remarked,</td>
            <td data-match="1">less</td>
            <td data-match="1">uniformity</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">character</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">true</td>
            <td data-match="1">species.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="1">also,</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">somewhat</td>
            <td data-match="1">monstrous</td>
            <td data-match="1">character;</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">mean,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that,</td>
            <td data-match="1">although</td>
            <td data-match="1">differing</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="1">other,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">species</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">genus,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="1">trifling</td>
            <td data-match="1">respects,</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">an</td>
            <td data-match="1">extreme</td>
            <td data-match="1">degree</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">part,</td>
            <td data-match="1">both</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">compared</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">another,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">especially</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">compared</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">species</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">nearest</td>
            <td data-match="1">allied.</td>
            <td data-match="1">With</td>
            <td data-match="1">these</td>
            <td data-match="1">exceptions</td>
            <td data-match="1">(and</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">perfect</td>
            <td data-match="1">fertility</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">crossed,—a</td>
            <td data-match="1">subject</td>
            <td data-match="1">hereafter</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">discussed),</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">species</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">manner</td>
            <td data-match="1">as,</td>
            <td data-match="1">only</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">lesser</td>
            <td data-match="1">degree</td>
            <td data-match="1">than,</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">closely-allied</td>
            <td data-match="1">species</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">genus</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">state</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">think</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">must</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">admitted,</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">find</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">there</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">hardly</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races,</td>
            <td data-match="1">either</td>
            <td data-match="1">amongst</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants,</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">ranked</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="1">competent</td>
            <td data-match="1">judges</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">mere</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">competent</td>
            <td data-match="1">judges</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">descendants</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">aboriginally</td>
            <td data-match="1">distinct</td>
            <td data-match="1">species.</td>
            <td data-match="1">If</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">marked</td>
            <td data-match="1">distinction</td>
            <td data-match="1">existed</td>
            <td data-match="1">between</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">source</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">doubt</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">perpetually</td>
            <td data-match="1">recur.</td>
            <td data-match="1">It</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">stated</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">characters</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">generic</td>
            <td data-match="1">value.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">think</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">shown</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">statement</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">hardly</td>
            <td data-match="1">correct;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">naturalists</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="1">widely</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">determining</td>
            <td data-match="1">what</td>
            <td data-match="1">characters</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">generic</td>
            <td data-match="1">value;</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">valuations</td>
            <td data-match="1">being</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">present</td>
            <td data-match="1">empirical.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Moreover,</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">view</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">origin</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">genera</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">shall</td>
            <td data-match="1">presently</td>
            <td data-match="1">give,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">no</td>
            <td data-match="1">right</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">expect</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">meet</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">generic</td>
            <td data-match="1">differences</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">domesticated</td>
            <td data-match="1">productions.</td>
            <td data-match="1">When</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">attempt</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">estimate</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">amount</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">structural</td>
            <td data-match="1">difference</td>
            <td data-match="1">between</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">soon</td>
            <td data-match="1">involved</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">doubt,</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">knowing</td>
            <td data-match="1">whether</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">descended</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="-1">parentspecies.</td>
            <td data-match="1">This</td>
            <td data-match="1">point,</td>
            <td data-match="1">if</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">cleared</td>
            <td data-match="1">up,</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">interesting;</td>
            <td data-match="1">if,</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">instance,</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">shown</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">greyhound,</td>
            <td data-match="1">bloodhound,</td>
            <td data-match="1">terrier,</td>
            <td data-match="1">spaniel,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">bull-dog,</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">know</td>
            <td data-match="1">propagate</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">kind</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">truly,</td>
            <td data-match="1">were</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">offspring</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">single</td>
            <td data-match="1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="1">then</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">facts</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">great</td>
            <td data-match="1">weight</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">making</td>
            <td data-match="1">us</td>
            <td data-match="1">doubt</td>
            <td data-match="1">about</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">immutability</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">closely</td>
            <td data-match="1">allied</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="1">natural</td>
            <td data-match="1">species—for</td>
            <td data-match="1">instance,</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">foxes—inhabiting</td>
            <td data-match="1">different</td>
            <td data-match="1">quarters</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">world.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">believe,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">shall</td>
            <td data-match="1">presently</td>
            <td data-match="1">see,</td>
            <td>that</td>
            <td>the</td>
            <td>whole</td>
            <td>amount</td>
            <td>of</td>
            <td>difference</td>
            <td>between</td>
            <td>the</td>
            <td>several</td>
            <td>breeds</td>
            <td>of</td>
            <td>the</td>
            <td>dog</td>
            <td>has</td>
            <td>been</td>
            <td>produced</td>
            <td>under</td>
            <td>domestication;</td>
            <td>I</td>
            <td>believe</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td>some</td>
            <td>small</td>
            <td>part</td>
            <td>of</td>
            <td data-match="-1">the</td>
            <td data-match="-1">difference</td>
            <td data-match="-1">is</td>
            <td data-match="-1">due</td>
            <td data-match="-1">to</td>
            <td data-match="-1">their</td>
            <td data-match="-1">being</td>
            <td data-match="-1">descended</td>
            <td data-match="-1">from</td>
            <td data-match="-1">distinct</td>
            <td data-match="-1">species.</td>
            <td data-match="-1">In</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">case</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="-1">domesticated</td>
            <td data-match="-1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="1">there</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">presumptive,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">even</td>
            <td>strong</td>
            <td>evidence,</td>
            <td>that</td>
            <td>all</td>
            <td>the</td>
            <td>breeds</td>
            <td data-match="-1">have</td>
            <td data-match="-1">descended</td>
            <td data-match="-1">from</td>
            <td data-match="-1">a</td>
            <td data-match="-1">single</td>
            <td data-match="-1">wild</td>
            <td data-match="-1">stock.</td>
         </tr>
         <tr>
            <th>Top</th>
            <td data-match="1">WHEN</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">look</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">variety</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">sub-variety</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">older</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivated</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals,</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">first</td>
            <td data-match="1">points</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">strikes</td>
            <td data-match="1">us,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">generally</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td>much</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="-1">other,</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">species</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">variety</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">state</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature.</td>
            <td data-match="1">When</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">reflect</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">vast</td>
            <td data-match="1">diversity</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivated,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">varied</td>
            <td data-match="1">during</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">ages</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">different</td>
            <td data-match="1">climates</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">treatment,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">think</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">driven</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">conclude</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="-1">greater</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">simply</td>
            <td data-match="1">due</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">productions</td>
            <td data-match="1">having</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">raised</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">uniform</td>
            <td data-match="1">as,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">somewhat</td>
            <td data-match="1">different</td>
            <td data-match="1">from,</td>
            <td data-match="1">those</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parent-species</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">exposed</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature.</td>
            <td data-match="1">There</td>
            <td data-match="-1">is,</td>
            <td data-match="1">also,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">think,</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">probability</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">view</td>
            <td data-match="1">propounded</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">Andrew</td>
            <td data-match="1">Knight,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">partly</td>
            <td data-match="1">connected</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">excess</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">food.</td>
            <td data-match="1">It</td>
            <td data-match="1">seems</td>
            <td data-match="1">pretty</td>
            <td data-match="1">clear</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">organic</td>
            <td data-match="1">beings</td>
            <td data-match="1">must</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">exposed</td>
            <td data-match="1">during</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="1">generations</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">new</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">cause</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">appreciable</td>
            <td data-match="1">amount</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">variation;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">organisation</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">once</td>
            <td data-match="1">begun</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">vary,</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">generally</td>
            <td data-match="1">continues</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">vary</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">generations.</td>
            <td data-match="1">No</td>
            <td data-match="1">case</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">record</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">variable</td>
            <td data-match="1">being</td>
            <td data-match="1">ceasing</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">variable</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivation.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Our</td>
            <td data-match="1">oldest</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivated</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants,</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">wheat,</td>
            <td data-match="1">still</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">yield</td>
            <td data-match="1">new</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties:</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">oldest</td>
            <td data-match="1">domesticated</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">still</td>
            <td data-match="1">capable</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">rapid</td>
            <td data-match="1">improvement</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">modification.</td>
            <td data-match="1">It</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">disputed</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">what</td>
            <td data-match="1">period</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">causes</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability,</td>
            <td data-match="1">whatever</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be,</td>
            <td data-match="1">generally</td>
            <td data-match="1">act;</td>
            <td data-match="1">whether</td>
            <td data-match="1">during</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">early</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">late</td>
            <td data-match="1">period</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">development</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">embryo,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">instant</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">conception.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Geoffroy</td>
            <td data-match="1">St.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Hilaire's</td>
            <td data-match="1">experiments</td>
            <td data-match="1">show</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">unnatural</td>
            <td data-match="1">treatment</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">embryo</td>
            <td data-match="1">causes</td>
            <td data-match="1">monstrosities;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">monstrosities</td>
            <td data-match="1">cannot</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">separated</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">clear</td>
            <td data-match="1">line</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">distinction</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">mere</td>
            <td data-match="1">variations.</td>
            <td data-match="1">But</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">am</td>
            <td data-match="1">strongly</td>
            <td data-match="1">inclined</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">suspect</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">frequent</td>
            <td data-match="1">cause</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">attributed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">male</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">female</td>
            <td data-match="1">reproductive</td>
            <td data-match="1">elements</td>
            <td data-match="1">having</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected</td>
            <td data-match="1">prior</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">act</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">conception.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Several</td>
            <td data-match="1">reasons</td>
            <td data-match="1">make</td>
            <td data-match="1">me</td>
            <td data-match="1">believe</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">this;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">chief</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">remarkable</td>
            <td data-match="1">effect</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivation</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="-1">functions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">reproductive</td>
            <td data-match="1">system;</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">system</td>
            <td data-match="1">appearing</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">far</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">susceptible</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">part</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">organisation,</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">action</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">change</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Nothing</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">easy</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">tame</td>
            <td data-match="1">an</td>
            <td data-match="1">animal,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">few</td>
            <td data-match="1">things</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">difficult</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">get</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">breed</td>
            <td data-match="1">freely</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement,</td>
            <td data-match="1">even</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">male</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">female</td>
            <td data-match="1">unite.</td>
            <td data-match="1">How</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">there</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">breed,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">living</td>
            <td data-match="1">long</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">close</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">native</td>
            <td data-match="1">country!</td>
            <td data-match="1">This</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">generally</td>
            <td data-match="1">attributed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">vitiated</td>
            <td data-match="1">instincts;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">how</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivated</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="1">display</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">utmost</td>
            <td data-match="1">vigour,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">yet</td>
            <td data-match="1">rarely</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">never</td>
            <td data-match="1">seed!</td>
            <td data-match="1">In</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">few</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td>found</td>
            <td data-match="-1">out</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">trifling</td>
            <td data-match="1">changes,</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">little</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">less</td>
            <td data-match="1">water</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">particular</td>
            <td data-match="1">period</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">growth,</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">determine</td>
            <td data-match="1">whether</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">plant</td>
            <td data-match="1">sets</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">seed.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">cannot</td>
            <td data-match="1">here</td>
            <td data-match="1">enter</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">copious</td>
            <td data-match="1">details</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">collected</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">curious</td>
            <td data-match="1">subject;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">show</td>
            <td data-match="1">how</td>
            <td data-match="1">singular</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">determine</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">reproduction</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">just</td>
            <td data-match="1">mention</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">carnivorous</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals,</td>
            <td data-match="1">even</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">tropics,</td>
            <td data-match="1">breed</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">country</td>
            <td data-match="1">pretty</td>
            <td data-match="1">freely</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement,</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">exception</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">plantigrades</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">bear</td>
            <td data-match="1">family;</td>
            <td data-match="-1">whereas,</td>
            <td data-match="1">carnivorous</td>
            <td data-match="1">birds,</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">rarest</td>
            <td data-match="1">exceptions,</td>
            <td data-match="1">hardly</td>
            <td data-match="1">ever</td>
            <td data-match="1">lay</td>
            <td data-match="1">fertile</td>
            <td data-match="1">eggs.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Many</td>
            <td data-match="1">exotic</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">pollen</td>
            <td data-match="1">utterly</td>
            <td data-match="1">worthless,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">exact</td>
            <td data-match="1">condition</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">sterile</td>
            <td data-match="1">hybrids.</td>
            <td data-match="1">When,</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">hand,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">see</td>
            <td data-match="1">domesticated</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">weak</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">sickly,</td>
            <td data-match="1">yet</td>
            <td data-match="1">breeding</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">freely</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">when,</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">hand,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">see</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">taken</td>
            <td data-match="1">young</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">state</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature,</td>
            <td data-match="1">perfectly</td>
            <td data-match="1">tamed,</td>
            <td data-match="1">long-lived,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">healthy</td>
            <td data-match="1">(of</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">give</td>
            <td data-match="1">numerous</td>
            <td data-match="1">instances),</td>
            <td data-match="1">yet</td>
            <td data-match="1">having</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">reproductive</td>
            <td data-match="1">system</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">seriously</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">unperceived</td>
            <td data-match="1">causes</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">fail</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">acting,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">need</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">surprised</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">system,</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">does</td>
            <td data-match="1">act</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">confinement,</td>
            <td data-match="1">acting</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">regularly,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">producing</td>
            <td data-match="1">offspring</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">perfectly</td>
            <td data-match="1">like</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td>parents</td>
            <td>or</td>
            <td data-match="-1">variable.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Sterility</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">said</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">bane</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">horticulture;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">view</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">owe</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">cause</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">produces</td>
            <td data-match="1">sterility;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">source</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">choicest</td>
            <td data-match="1">productions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">garden.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">add,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">organisms</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">breed</td>
            <td>most</td>
            <td data-match="1">freely</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">unnatural</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">(for</td>
            <td data-match="1">instance,</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">rabbit</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">ferret</td>
            <td data-match="1">kept</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">hutches),</td>
            <td data-match="1">showing</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">reproductive</td>
            <td data-match="1">system</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">thus</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected;</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="1">withstand</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestication</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivation,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">vary</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">slightly—perhaps</td>
            <td data-match="1">hardly</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">state</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature.</td>
            <td data-match="1">A</td>
            <td data-match="1">long</td>
            <td data-match="1">list</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">easily</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">given</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">"sporting</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants;"</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">term</td>
            <td data-match="1">gardeners</td>
            <td data-match="1">mean</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">single</td>
            <td data-match="1">bud</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">offset,</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">suddenly</td>
            <td data-match="1">assumes</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">new</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">sometimes</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">different</td>
            <td data-match="1">character</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">rest</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">plant.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Such</td>
            <td data-match="1">buds</td>
            <td data-match="1">can</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">propagated</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">grafting,</td>
            <td data-match="1">&amp;c.,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">sometimes</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">seed.</td>
            <td data-match="1">These</td>
            <td data-match="1">"sports"</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">extremely</td>
            <td data-match="1">rare</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature,</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">far</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">rare</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivation;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">case</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">see</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">treatment</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parent</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">bud</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">offset,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">ovules</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">pollen.</td>
            <td data-match="1">But</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">opinion</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">physiologists</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">there</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">no</td>
            <td data-match="1">essential</td>
            <td data-match="1">difference</td>
            <td data-match="1">between</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">bud</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">an</td>
            <td data-match="1">ovule</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">earliest</td>
            <td data-match="1">stages</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">formation;</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">that,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">fact,</td>
            <td data-match="1">"sports"</td>
            <td data-match="1">support</td>
            <td data-match="1">my</td>
            <td data-match="1">view,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">variability</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">largely</td>
            <td data-match="1">attributed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">ovules</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">pollen,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">both,</td>
            <td data-match="1">having</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">treatment</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parent</td>
            <td data-match="1">prior</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">act</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">conception.</td>
            <td data-match="1">These</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">anyhow</td>
            <td data-match="1">show</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">variation</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">necessarily</td>
            <td data-match="1">connected,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">authors</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">supposed,</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">act</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">generation.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Seedlings</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">fruit,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">young</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">litter,</td>
            <td data-match="1">sometimes</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td data-match="1">considerably</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="1">other,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">both</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">young</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parents,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">Müller</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">remarked,</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">apparently</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">exposed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">exactly</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">shows</td>
            <td data-match="1">how</td>
            <td data-match="1">unimportant</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">direct</td>
            <td data-match="1">effects</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">comparison</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">reproduction,</td>
            <td>and</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">growth,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritance;</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">had</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">action</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">direct,</td>
            <td data-match="1">if</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">young</td>
            <td data-match="1">had</td>
            <td data-match="1">varied,</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">probably</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">varied</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">manner.</td>
            <td data-match="1">To</td>
            <td data-match="1">judge</td>
            <td data-match="1">how</td>
            <td data-match="1">much,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">case</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">variation,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">should</td>
            <td data-match="1">attribute</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">direct</td>
            <td data-match="1">action</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">heat,</td>
            <td data-match="1">moisture,</td>
            <td data-match="1">light,</td>
            <td data-match="1">food,</td>
            <td data-match="1">&amp;c.,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">difficult:</td>
            <td data-match="1">my</td>
            <td data-match="1">impression</td>
            <td data-match="1">is,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">agencies</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">produced</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">little</td>
            <td data-match="1">direct</td>
            <td data-match="1">effect,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">apparently</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">case</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Under</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">point</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">view,</td>
            <td data-match="1">Mr.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Buckman's</td>
            <td data-match="1">recent</td>
            <td data-match="1">experiments</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="-1">seem</td>
            <td data-match="1">extremely</td>
            <td data-match="1">valuable.</td>
            <td data-match="1">When</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">nearly</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals</td>
            <td data-match="1">exposed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">certain</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">way,</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">change</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">first</td>
            <td data-match="1">appears</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">directly</td>
            <td data-match="1">due</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">can</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">shown</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">opposite</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">produce</td>
            <td data-match="1">similar</td>
            <td data-match="1">changes</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">structure.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Nevertheless</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">slight</td>
            <td data-match="1">amount</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">change</td>
            <td data-match="1">may,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">think,</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">attributed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">direct</td>
            <td data-match="1">action</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life—as,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases,</td>
            <td data-match="1">increased</td>
            <td data-match="1">size</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">amount</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">food,</td>
            <td data-match="1">colour</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">particular</td>
            <td data-match="1">kinds</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">food</td>
            <td data-match="-1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">light,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">perhaps</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">thickness</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">fur</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">climate.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Habit</td>
            <td data-match="1">also</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">decided</td>
            <td data-match="1">influence,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">period</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">flowering</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">transported</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">climate</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">another.</td>
            <td data-match="1">In</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">marked</td>
            <td data-match="1">effect;</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">instance,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">find</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">duck</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">bones</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">wing</td>
            <td data-match="1">weigh</td>
            <td data-match="1">less</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">bones</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">leg</td>
            <td data-match="1">more,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">proportion</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">whole</td>
            <td data-match="1">skeleton,</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">bones</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">wild-duck;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">presume</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">change</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">safely</td>
            <td data-match="1">attributed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">duck</td>
            <td data-match="1">flying</td>
            <td data-match="1">much</td>
            <td data-match="1">less,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">walking</td>
            <td data-match="1">more,</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">its</td>
            <td data-match="1">wild</td>
            <td data-match="1">parent.</td>
            <td data-match="1">The</td>
            <td data-match="1">great</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">inherited</td>
            <td data-match="1">development</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">udders</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">cows</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">goats</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">countries</td>
            <td data-match="1">where</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">habitually</td>
            <td data-match="1">milked,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">comparison</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">state</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">these</td>
            <td data-match="1">organs</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">countries,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">another</td>
            <td data-match="1">instance</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">effect</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">use.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Not</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">single</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">animal</td>
            <td data-match="1">can</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">named</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">country</td>
            <td data-match="1">drooping</td>
            <td data-match="1">ears;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">view</td>
            <td data-match="1">suggested</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">authors,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">drooping</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">due</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">disuse</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">muscles</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">ear,</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">being</td>
            <td data-match="1">much</td>
            <td data-match="1">alarmed</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">danger,</td>
            <td data-match="1">seems</td>
            <td data-match="1">probable.</td>
            <td data-match="1">There</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">regulating</td>
            <td data-match="1">variation,</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">few</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">can</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">dimly</td>
            <td data-match="1">seen,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">hereafter</td>
            <td data-match="1">briefly</td>
            <td data-match="1">mentioned.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">here</td>
            <td data-match="1">only</td>
            <td data-match="1">allude</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">what</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">called</td>
            <td data-match="1">correlation</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">growth.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Any</td>
            <td data-match="1">change</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">embryo</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">larva</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">almost</td>
            <td data-match="1">certainly</td>
            <td data-match="1">entail</td>
            <td data-match="1">changes</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">mature</td>
            <td data-match="1">animal.</td>
            <td data-match="1">In</td>
            <td data-match="1">monstrosities,</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">correlations</td>
            <td data-match="1">between</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">distinct</td>
            <td data-match="1">parts</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">curious;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">instances</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">given</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">Isidore</td>
            <td data-match="1">Geoffroy</td>
            <td data-match="1">St.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Hilaire's</td>
            <td data-match="1">great</td>
            <td data-match="1">work</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">subject.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Breeders</td>
            <td data-match="1">believe</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">long</td>
            <td data-match="1">limbs</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">almost</td>
            <td data-match="1">always</td>
            <td data-match="1">accompanied</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">an</td>
            <td data-match="1">elongated</td>
            <td data-match="1">head.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Some</td>
            <td data-match="1">instances</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">correlation</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">whimsical:</td>
            <td data-match="1">thus</td>
            <td data-match="1">cats</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">blue</td>
            <td data-match="1">eyes</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">invariably</td>
            <td data-match="1">deaf;</td>
            <td data-match="1">colour</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">constitutional</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarities</td>
            <td data-match="1">go</td>
            <td data-match="1">together,</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">remarkable</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">given</td>
            <td data-match="1">amongst</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants.</td>
            <td data-match="1">From</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">facts</td>
            <td data-match="1">collected</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">Heusinger,</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">appears</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">white</td>
            <td data-match="1">sheep</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">pigs</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">differently</td>
            <td data-match="1">affected</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">coloured</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">certain</td>
            <td data-match="1">vegetable</td>
            <td data-match="1">poisons.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Hairless</td>
            <td data-match="1">dogs</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">imperfect</td>
            <td data-match="-1">teeth;</td>
            <td data-match="1">long-haired</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">coarse-haired</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">apt</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">have,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">asserted,</td>
            <td data-match="1">long</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">horns;</td>
            <td data-match="1">pigeons</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">feathered</td>
            <td data-match="1">feet</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">skin</td>
            <td data-match="1">between</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">outer</td>
            <td data-match="1">toes;</td>
            <td data-match="1">pigeons</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">short</td>
            <td data-match="1">beaks</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">small</td>
            <td data-match="1">feet,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">those</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">long</td>
            <td data-match="1">beaks</td>
            <td data-match="1">large</td>
            <td data-match="1">feet.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Hence,</td>
            <td data-match="1">if</td>
            <td data-match="1">man</td>
            <td data-match="1">goes</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">selecting,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">thus</td>
            <td data-match="1">augmenting,</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarity,</td>
            <td data-match="1">he</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">almost</td>
            <td data-match="1">certainly</td>
            <td data-match="1">unconsciously</td>
            <td data-match="1">modify</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">parts</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">structure,</td>
            <td data-match="1">owing</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">mysterious</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">correlation</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">growth.</td>
            <td data-match="1">The</td>
            <td data-match="1">result</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">various,</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">unknown,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">dimly</td>
            <td data-match="1">seen</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">variation</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">infinitely</td>
            <td data-match="1">complex</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">diversified.</td>
            <td data-match="1">It</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">well</td>
            <td data-match="1">worth</td>
            <td data-match="1">while</td>
            <td data-match="1">carefully</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">study</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="1">treatises</td>
            <td data-match="1">published</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">old</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivated</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">hyacinth,</td>
            <td data-match="1">potato,</td>
            <td data-match="1">even</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">dahlia,</td>
            <td data-match="1">&amp;c.;</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">really</td>
            <td data-match="1">surprising</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">note</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">endless</td>
            <td data-match="1">points</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">structure</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">constitution</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">sub-varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td data-match="1">slightly</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="1">other.</td>
            <td data-match="1">The</td>
            <td data-match="1">whole</td>
            <td data-match="1">organisation</td>
            <td data-match="1">seems</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">become</td>
            <td data-match="1">plastic,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">tends</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">depart</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">small</td>
            <td data-match="1">degree</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parental</td>
            <td data-match="1">type.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Any</td>
            <td data-match="1">variation</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">inherited</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">unimportant</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">us.</td>
            <td data-match="1">But</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">number</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">diversity</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritable</td>
            <td data-match="1">deviations</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">structure,</td>
            <td data-match="1">both</td>
            <td data-match="1">those</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">slight</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">those</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">considerable</td>
            <td data-match="1">physiological</td>
            <td data-match="1">importance,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">endless.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Dr.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Prosper</td>
            <td data-match="1">Lucas's</td>
            <td data-match="1">treatise,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">two</td>
            <td data-match="1">large</td>
            <td data-match="1">volumes,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">fullest</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">best</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">subject.</td>
            <td data-match="1">No</td>
            <td data-match="1">breeder</td>
            <td data-match="1">doubts</td>
            <td data-match="1">how</td>
            <td data-match="1">strong</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">tendency</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritance:</td>
            <td data-match="1">like</td>
            <td data-match="1">produces</td>
            <td data-match="1">like</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">his</td>
            <td data-match="1">fundamental</td>
            <td data-match="1">belief:</td>
            <td data-match="1">doubts</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">thrown</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">principle</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">theoretical</td>
            <td data-match="1">writers</td>
            <td data-match="1">alone.</td>
            <td data-match="1">When</td>
            <td data-match="-1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">deviation</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="-1">appears</td>
            <td data-match="-1">not</td>
            <td data-match="-1">unfrequently,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">see</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">father</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">child,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">cannot</td>
            <td data-match="1">tell</td>
            <td data-match="1">whether</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">due</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="-1">original</td>
            <td data-match="-1">cause</td>
            <td data-match="-1">acting</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">both;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">amongst</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals,</td>
            <td data-match="1">apparently</td>
            <td data-match="1">exposed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions,</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">rare</td>
            <td data-match="1">deviation,</td>
            <td data-match="1">due</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">extraordinary</td>
            <td data-match="1">combination</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">circumstances,</td>
            <td data-match="1">appears</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parent—say,</td>
            <td data-match="1">once</td>
            <td data-match="1">amongst</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="1">million</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="-1">individuals—and</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">reappears</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">child,</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">mere</td>
            <td data-match="1">doctrine</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">chances</td>
            <td data-match="1">almost</td>
            <td data-match="1">compels</td>
            <td data-match="1">us</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">attribute</td>
            <td data-match="1">its</td>
            <td data-match="1">reappearance</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritance.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Every</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">must</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">heard</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">albinism,</td>
            <td data-match="1">prickly</td>
            <td data-match="1">skin,</td>
            <td data-match="1">hairy</td>
            <td data-match="1">bodies,</td>
            <td data-match="1">&amp;c.,</td>
            <td data-match="1">appearing</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="1">members</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">family.</td>
            <td data-match="1">If</td>
            <td data-match="1">strange</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">rare</td>
            <td data-match="1">deviations</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">structure</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">truly</td>
            <td data-match="1">inherited,</td>
            <td data-match="1">less</td>
            <td data-match="1">strange</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">commoner</td>
            <td data-match="1">deviations</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">freely</td>
            <td data-match="1">admitted</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritable.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Perhaps</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">correct</td>
            <td data-match="1">way</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">viewing</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">whole</td>
            <td data-match="1">subject,</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">be,</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">look</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritance</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">every</td>
            <td data-match="1">character</td>
            <td data-match="1">whatever</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">rule,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">non-inheritance</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">anomaly.</td>
            <td data-match="1">The</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">governing</td>
            <td data-match="1">inheritance</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">unknown;</td>
            <td data-match="1">no</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">can</td>
            <td data-match="1">say</td>
            <td data-match="1">why</td>
            <td>the</td>
            <td data-match="-1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarity</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">different</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="-1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">individuals</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">different</td>
            <td data-match="1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">sometimes</td>
            <td data-match="1">inherited</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">sometimes</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">so;</td>
            <td data-match="1">why</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">child</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">reverts</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">certain</td>
            <td data-match="1">characters</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">its</td>
            <td data-match="1">grandfather</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">grandmother</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td>much</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">remote</td>
            <td data-match="1">ancestor;</td>
            <td data-match="1">why</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarity</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">transmitted</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">sex</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">both</td>
            <td data-match="1">sexes,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">sex</td>
            <td data-match="1">alone,</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">commonly</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">exclusively</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">like</td>
            <td data-match="1">sex.</td>
            <td data-match="1">It</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">fact</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">little</td>
            <td data-match="1">importance</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">us,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarities</td>
            <td data-match="1">appearing</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">males</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">breeds</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">transmitted</td>
            <td data-match="1">either</td>
            <td data-match="1">exclusively,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">much</td>
            <td data-match="1">greater</td>
            <td data-match="1">degree,</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">males</td>
            <td data-match="1">alone.</td>
            <td data-match="1">A</td>
            <td data-match="1">much</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">important</td>
            <td data-match="1">rule,</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">think</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">trusted,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">that,</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">whatever</td>
            <td data-match="1">period</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarity</td>
            <td data-match="1">first</td>
            <td data-match="1">appears,</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">tends</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">appear</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">offspring</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">corresponding</td>
            <td data-match="1">age,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">sometimes</td>
            <td data-match="1">earlier.</td>
            <td data-match="1">In</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">otherwise:</td>
            <td data-match="1">thus</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">inherited</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarities</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">horns</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">cattle</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">appear</td>
            <td data-match="1">only</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">offspring</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">nearly</td>
            <td data-match="1">mature;</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarities</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">silkworm</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">known</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">appear</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">corresponding</td>
            <td data-match="1">caterpillar</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">cocoon</td>
            <td data-match="1">stage.</td>
            <td data-match="1">But</td>
            <td data-match="1">hereditary</td>
            <td data-match="1">diseases</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">facts</td>
            <td data-match="1">make</td>
            <td data-match="1">me</td>
            <td data-match="1">believe</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">rule</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">wider</td>
            <td data-match="1">extension,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">there</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">no</td>
            <td data-match="1">apparent</td>
            <td data-match="1">reason</td>
            <td data-match="1">why</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarity</td>
            <td data-match="1">should</td>
            <td data-match="1">appear</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">particular</td>
            <td data-match="1">age,</td>
            <td data-match="1">yet</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">does</td>
            <td data-match="1">tend</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">appear</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">offspring</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">period</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">first</td>
            <td data-match="1">appeared</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">parent.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">believe</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">rule</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">highest</td>
            <td data-match="1">importance</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">explaining</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">laws</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">embryology.</td>
            <td data-match="1">These</td>
            <td data-match="1">remarks</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">course</td>
            <td data-match="1">confined</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">first</td>
            <td data-match="1">appearance</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">peculiarity,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">its</td>
            <td data-match="1">primary</td>
            <td data-match="1">cause,</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">acted</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">ovules</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">male</td>
            <td data-match="1">element;</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">nearly</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">manner</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">crossed</td>
            <td data-match="1">offspring</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">short-horned</td>
            <td data-match="1">cow</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">long-horned</td>
            <td data-match="1">bull,</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">greater</td>
            <td data-match="1">length</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">horn,</td>
            <td data-match="1">though</td>
            <td data-match="1">appearing</td>
            <td data-match="1">late</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">life,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">clearly</td>
            <td data-match="1">due</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">male</td>
            <td data-match="1">element.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Having</td>
            <td data-match="1">alluded</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">subject</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">reversion,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">here</td>
            <td data-match="1">refer</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">statement</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">made</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">naturalists—namely,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties,</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">run</td>
            <td data-match="1">wild,</td>
            <td data-match="1">gradually</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">certainly</td>
            <td data-match="1">revert</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">character</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">aboriginal</td>
            <td data-match="1">stocks.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Hence</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">argued</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">no</td>
            <td data-match="1">deductions</td>
            <td data-match="1">can</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">drawn</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">species</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">state</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">vain</td>
            <td data-match="1">endeavoured</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">discover</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">what</td>
            <td data-match="1">decisive</td>
            <td data-match="1">facts</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">above</td>
            <td data-match="1">statement</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">boldly</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">made.</td>
            <td data-match="1">There</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">great</td>
            <td data-match="1">difficulty</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">proving</td>
            <td data-match="1">its</td>
            <td data-match="1">truth:</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">safely</td>
            <td data-match="1">conclude</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">strongly-marked</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">possibly</td>
            <td data-match="1">live</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">wild</td>
            <td data-match="1">state.</td>
            <td data-match="1">In</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">know</td>
            <td data-match="1">what</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">aboriginal</td>
            <td data-match="1">stock</td>
            <td data-match="1">was,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">tell</td>
            <td data-match="1">whether</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">nearly</td>
            <td data-match="1">perfect</td>
            <td data-match="1">reversion</td>
            <td data-match="1">had</td>
            <td data-match="1">ensued.</td>
            <td data-match="1">It</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">quite</td>
            <td data-match="1">necessary,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">order</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">prevent</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">effects</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">intercrossing,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">only</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">single</td>
            <td data-match="1">variety</td>
            <td data-match="1">should</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">turned</td>
            <td data-match="1">loose</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">its</td>
            <td data-match="1">new</td>
            <td data-match="1">home.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Nevertheless,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">certainly</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">occasionally</td>
            <td data-match="1">revert</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">characters</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">ancestral</td>
            <td data-match="1">forms,</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">seems</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">me</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">improbable,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">if</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">succeed</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">naturalising,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">were</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">cultivate,</td>
            <td data-match="1">during</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">generations,</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="1">races,</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">instance,</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">cabbage,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">poor</td>
            <td data-match="1">soil</td>
            <td data-match="1">(in</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">case,</td>
            <td data-match="1">however,</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">effect</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">attributed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">direct</td>
            <td data-match="1">action</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">poor</td>
            <td data-match="1">soil),</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">large</td>
            <td data-match="1">extent,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">even</td>
            <td data-match="1">wholly,</td>
            <td data-match="1">revert</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">wild</td>
            <td data-match="1">aboriginal</td>
            <td data-match="1">stock.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Whether</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">experiment</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">succeed,</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">great</td>
            <td data-match="1">importance</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">line</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">argument;</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">experiment</td>
            <td data-match="1">itself</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">changed.</td>
            <td data-match="1">If</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">shown</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">manifested</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">strong</td>
            <td data-match="1">tendency</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">reversion,—that</td>
            <td data-match="1">is,</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">lose</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">acquired</td>
            <td data-match="1">characters,</td>
            <td data-match="1">whilst</td>
            <td data-match="1">kept</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="-1">unchanged</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">whilst</td>
            <td data-match="1">kept</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">considerable</td>
            <td data-match="1">body,</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">free</td>
            <td data-match="1">intercrossing</td>
            <td data-match="1">might</td>
            <td data-match="1">check,</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">blending</td>
            <td data-match="1">together,</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">slight</td>
            <td data-match="1">deviations</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="-1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">structure,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">case,</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">grant</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">deduce</td>
            <td data-match="1">nothing</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">regard</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">species.</td>
            <td data-match="1">But</td>
            <td data-match="1">there</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">shadow</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">evidence</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">favour</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">view:</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">assert</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">breed</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">cart</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">race-horses,</td>
            <td data-match="1">long</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">short-horned</td>
            <td data-match="1">cattle,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">poultry</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">various</td>
            <td data-match="1">breeds,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">esculent</td>
            <td data-match="1">vegetables,</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">an</td>
            <td data-match="1">almost</td>
            <td data-match="1">infinite</td>
            <td data-match="1">number</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">generations,</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">opposed</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">experience.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">may</td>
            <td data-match="1">add,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">under</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">conditions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">life</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">change,</td>
            <td data-match="1">variations</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">reversions</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">character</td>
            <td data-match="1">probably</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">occur;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">natural</td>
            <td data-match="1">selection,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">hereafter</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">explained,</td>
            <td data-match="1">will</td>
            <td data-match="1">determine</td>
            <td data-match="1">how</td>
            <td data-match="1">far</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">new</td>
            <td data-match="1">characters</td>
            <td data-match="1">thus</td>
            <td data-match="1">arising</td>
            <td data-match="1">shall</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">preserved.</td>
            <td data-match="1">When</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">look</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">hereditary</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">compare</td>
            <td data-match="1">them</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td>species</td>
            <td data-match="1">closely</td>
            <td data-match="1">allied</td>
            <td data-match="-1">together,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">generally</td>
            <td data-match="1">perceive</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">race,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">already</td>
            <td data-match="1">remarked,</td>
            <td data-match="1">less</td>
            <td data-match="1">uniformity</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">character</td>
            <td data-match="1">than</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">true</td>
            <td data-match="1">species.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="1">also,</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">somewhat</td>
            <td data-match="1">monstrous</td>
            <td data-match="1">character;</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">mean,</td>
            <td data-match="1">that,</td>
            <td data-match="1">although</td>
            <td data-match="1">differing</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="1">other,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td>the</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">species</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">genus,</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="1">trifling</td>
            <td data-match="1">respects,</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">an</td>
            <td data-match="1">extreme</td>
            <td data-match="1">degree</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">part,</td>
            <td data-match="1">both</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">compared</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">another,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">more</td>
            <td data-match="1">especially</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">compared</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">species</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">nearest</td>
            <td data-match="1">allied.</td>
            <td data-match="1">With</td>
            <td data-match="1">these</td>
            <td data-match="1">exceptions</td>
            <td data-match="1">(and</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">perfect</td>
            <td data-match="1">fertility</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">crossed,—a</td>
            <td data-match="1">subject</td>
            <td data-match="1">hereafter</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">discussed),</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">species</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">manner</td>
            <td data-match="1">as,</td>
            <td data-match="1">only</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">most</td>
            <td data-match="1">cases</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">lesser</td>
            <td data-match="1">degree</td>
            <td data-match="1">than,</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">closely-allied</td>
            <td data-match="1">species</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">genus</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">a</td>
            <td data-match="1">state</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">nature.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">think</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">must</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">admitted,</td>
            <td data-match="1">when</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">find</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">there</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">hardly</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races,</td>
            <td data-match="1">either</td>
            <td data-match="1">amongst</td>
            <td data-match="1">animals</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">plants,</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">ranked</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td>some</td>
            <td data-match="1">competent</td>
            <td data-match="1">judges</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">mere</td>
            <td data-match="1">varieties,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">by</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">competent</td>
            <td data-match="1">judges</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">descendants</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">aboriginally</td>
            <td data-match="1">distinct</td>
            <td data-match="1">species.</td>
            <td data-match="1">If</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">marked</td>
            <td data-match="1">distinction</td>
            <td data-match="1">existed</td>
            <td data-match="1">between</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">source</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">doubt</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">perpetually</td>
            <td data-match="1">recur.</td>
            <td data-match="1">It</td>
            <td data-match="1">has</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">been</td>
            <td data-match="1">stated</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">each</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">characters</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">generic</td>
            <td data-match="1">value.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">think</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">shown</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">this</td>
            <td data-match="1">statement</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">hardly</td>
            <td data-match="1">correct;</td>
            <td data-match="1">but</td>
            <td data-match="1">naturalists</td>
            <td data-match="1">differ</td>
            <td>most</td>
            <td data-match="1">widely</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">determining</td>
            <td data-match="1">what</td>
            <td data-match="1">characters</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">generic</td>
            <td data-match="1">value;</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">valuations</td>
            <td data-match="1">being</td>
            <td data-match="1">at</td>
            <td data-match="1">present</td>
            <td data-match="1">empirical.</td>
            <td data-match="1">Moreover,</td>
            <td data-match="1">on</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">view</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">origin</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">genera</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">shall</td>
            <td data-match="1">presently</td>
            <td data-match="1">give,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">no</td>
            <td data-match="1">right</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">expect</td>
            <td data-match="1">often</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">meet</td>
            <td data-match="1">with</td>
            <td data-match="1">generic</td>
            <td data-match="1">differences</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">our</td>
            <td data-match="1">domesticated</td>
            <td data-match="1">productions.</td>
            <td data-match="1">When</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">attempt</td>
            <td data-match="1">to</td>
            <td data-match="1">estimate</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">amount</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">structural</td>
            <td data-match="1">difference</td>
            <td data-match="1">between</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="1">races</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">same</td>
            <td data-match="1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">are</td>
            <td data-match="1">soon</td>
            <td data-match="1">involved</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">doubt,</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">knowing</td>
            <td data-match="1">whether</td>
            <td data-match="1">they</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">descended</td>
            <td data-match="1">from</td>
            <td data-match="1">one</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">several</td>
            <td data-match="-1">parent-species.</td>
            <td data-match="1">This</td>
            <td data-match="1">point,</td>
            <td data-match="1">if</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">cleared</td>
            <td data-match="1">up,</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">interesting;</td>
            <td data-match="1">if,</td>
            <td data-match="1">for</td>
            <td data-match="1">instance,</td>
            <td data-match="1">it</td>
            <td data-match="1">could</td>
            <td data-match="1">be</td>
            <td data-match="1">shown</td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">greyhound,</td>
            <td data-match="1">bloodhound,</td>
            <td data-match="1">terrier,</td>
            <td data-match="1">spaniel,</td>
            <td data-match="1">and</td>
            <td data-match="1">bull-dog,</td>
            <td data-match="1">which</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">all</td>
            <td data-match="1">know</td>
            <td data-match="1">propagate</td>
            <td data-match="1">their</td>
            <td data-match="1">kind</td>
            <td data-match="1">so</td>
            <td data-match="1">truly,</td>
            <td data-match="1">were</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">offspring</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">any</td>
            <td data-match="1">single</td>
            <td data-match="1">species,</td>
            <td data-match="1">then</td>
            <td data-match="1">such</td>
            <td data-match="1">facts</td>
            <td data-match="1">would</td>
            <td data-match="1">have</td>
            <td data-match="1">great</td>
            <td data-match="1">weight</td>
            <td data-match="1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">making</td>
            <td data-match="1">us</td>
            <td data-match="1">doubt</td>
            <td data-match="1">about</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">immutability</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">very</td>
            <td data-match="1">closely</td>
            <td data-match="1">allied</td>
            <td>and</td>
            <td data-match="1">natural</td>
            <td data-match="1">species—for</td>
            <td data-match="1">instance,</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">many</td>
            <td data-match="1">foxes—inhabiting</td>
            <td data-match="1">different</td>
            <td data-match="1">quarters</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">world.</td>
            <td data-match="1">I</td>
            <td data-match="1">do</td>
            <td data-match="1">not</td>
            <td data-match="1">believe,</td>
            <td data-match="1">as</td>
            <td data-match="1">we</td>
            <td data-match="1">shall</td>
            <td data-match="1">presently</td>
            <td data-match="1">see,</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="1">that</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="-1">all</td>
            <td data-match="-1">our</td>
            <td data-match="-1">dogs</td>
            <td data-match="-1">have</td>
            <td data-match="-1">descended</td>
            <td data-match="-1">from</td>
            <td data-match="-1">any</td>
            <td data-match="-1">one</td>
            <td data-match="-1">wild</td>
            <td data-match="-1">species;</td>
            <td data-match="-1">but,</td>
            <td data-match="-1">in</td>
            <td data-match="1">the</td>
            <td data-match="1">case</td>
            <td data-match="1">of</td>
            <td data-match="1">some</td>
            <td data-match="1">other</td>
            <td data-match="-1">domestic</td>
            <td data-match="-1">races,</td>
            <td data-match="1">there</td>
            <td data-match="1">is</td>
            <td data-match="1">presumptive,</td>
            <td data-match="1">or</td>
            <td data-match="1">even</td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td> </td>
            <td data-match="-1">strong,</td>
            <td data-match="-1">evidence</td>
            <td data-match="-1">in</td>
            <td data-match="-1">favour</td>
            <td data-match="-1">of</td>
            <td data-match="-1">this</td>
            <td data-match="-1">view.</td>
         </tr>
      </table>
   </body>
</html>
